"No, no! I'm telling you, the shot missed flair that's all. It got the job done and I only care about that." said a man who was wearing a uber blue suit to his companion.

"But we've been at this for almost 5 years now and flair is what it takes to stand out. What even is the point of all this if we don't take care of the finer details?" replied the man in a hoarse voice.

"Money." the man in the uber blue suit took a gulp of his liquor and continued, "Money is the point. I only do this because of the money. The hell if I care about "finer details"."

"I agree." a voice from the back said. "Sorry I couldn't help overhearing but I have to agree with you that money is the only why we do this."

The man walked from behind and sat beside the man who was wearing the uber blue suit. The man had dark green eyes and disheveled hair. He raised his hand to ask for another round of whiskey for him and his newly found college.

"Thank you." the blue suit man said. "So tell me, how long have you been in this field?"

"Almost close to nine years now.", the green eyed man replied.

"So you've been around. Good to see someone from the same field. You don't get a lot of people from this field."

"Well, who can blame them? Ours is a work that take years of practice and patience. Not a lot of people have those nowadays."

"Agreed." the blue suit man sipped on his whiskey and continued, "So tell me, what do you look for in a shot?"

"Well, I don't care for that too much now. Whatever gets the job done is good enough. But things were different when I was starting out. You know back when I had passion.", the green eyed man let out a dry chuckle. The blue suit man returned it.

The green eyed man continued, "Back then all I cared about was flair and accuracy. Every shot had to be better than the last one. I used to spend hours researching and training on how to get a perfect shot. I enjoyed it a lot."

"Did you do take any shots on your own, without being paid?", the blue suit man asked. "It was my favorite thing to do when I was starting out."

"I did too and I enjoyed them a lot too but once I started doing paid shots, I stopped doing any personal ones." the green eyed man finished the last of his whiskey and raised his hand to ask for another round. "I guess, eventually, without money it just wasn't worth to do shots."

"It's almost as if with each shot, it becomes less and less pleasing.", said the blue suit man.

"Tell me about it." the bartender said as he poured the whiskey into the green eyed man's glass. "Even doing something unique and out of the box doesn't make the shot any more enjoyable."

"I see you are in the same field as ours." said the blue suit man.

"I wouldn't call it a field, per-say. More like a "hobby"."

"People do this as a hobby?" the green eyed man stared at the bartender.

"Yeah they do that.", the blue suit man replied.

The green eyed man stared at both of them for long and then decided to pick his things up and walk out.

"Well, that was weird.", the blue eyed man said to his companion who was sitting there silently, listening to all their talks.

"Not really, I've seen this kind of thing happen before.", the bartender said.

"Still weird.", thought the blue suit man.

"I think we should get going now.", the blue suit man's companion said, "We've got an early shot to do."

"It's that broker woman job right?" the blue suit man asked.

"Yeah and there's going to be lots of people so we need to prepare before hand."

"Yeah our old methods won't be as useful here. Unlike what I said before, we may actually need some flair in this shot, heh."

"Try using long range sometime.", the bartender chimed in. "They should be pretty effective in crowd situations."

"You mean like a drone?", the blue suit man asked with an undertone of scepticism.

"If you have those." the bartended replied. "Like I said, I haven't been around so don't have much info on new technologies. It's not like there's a newsletter going around."

"We could use drones.", the companion said. "But it misses that personal feel. I like to be up close and personal."

"Ahh, so you are those kinds of guys. I don't have the guts to do that. For me it's do it quick and get out." the bartender said.

"Well, we don't want to rush it either. Tell you what, come with us tomorrow. We will show you our workings and we will get a helping hand. We'll slip you some percentage of our pay for your help.", the companion said.

"Sure, that would be great. Do I need to bring anything?"

"Bring some of your long range equipment, might come handy."

&amp;#x200B;

"...So I've been trying to quit for quite some time now. But fail to do so. Hey where's that other bartender?" the green eyed man inquired to the new bartender.

"He's been arrested on charge of two murders."