The Sentence

He's sitting on the train, not bothering anyone. Dressed like they alway dress: black wool coat, dull gray pants, head shaved, as the law requires. And still, kids tease him, throw food at him, call him names. But that's okay, he probably deserves it, whatever he did.

He reaches his stop, or at least the one that matches the work order in his pocket. He stands up and exits, but as he does, an old man trips him. He falls onto the station platform, sprawled out. The teenagers laugh at him. Other people on the platform stare, looks of disgust on their faces. He gathers himself, stands, and walks toward the stairs, never looking back.

It's a gray day, overcast and gloomy. He's shivering in his coat as he walks along the street. From cold, from hunger? Hopefully the former, because no one will give him anything to eat, not in public, not even if he had the money to pay for it.

He turns a corner, and a woman on her cell phone, looking over her shoulder and not where she's going, runs into him. She jumps back in horror and screams. A big fella in workman's overalls, reeking of government-issue soap and cigarettes, shoves him, hard, and once again he goes sprawling. The woman is sobbing, seeks comfort in the man's arms. The coat she's wearing would pay the workman's rent for a year. He keeps his head down as he stands and continues to his destination.

A few blocks later, a few cat-calls and violent insults, and he arrives at an upper west side high rise. 1930s, art deco, once a hotel, a flop house, converted in the 70s into middle-class condos by a man who would later be arrested for bribery. In the early 2000s it was bought once more and converted into the kind of place the lady with the purse would live in. He doesn't know how he knows this, or why. 

The doorman glares at him. He hands over his word order. The door man studies it, grimacing. Complete silence. Hands back the slip of paper, escorts him to a service elevator. Inserts a key, sends him to a penthouse. 

At the top he's greeted by a caterer who rolls his eyes, then sends him to a coat closet to change into a server's tuxedo. Then he's told to wait. He sits on an old, discarded, splintery kitchen chair, maybe one from the building's first years of service. 

The coat closet is bigger than his room at the boarding house where he sleeps between jobs. It's very warm inside. He's still shivering.

At last he's fetched and given an apron and a tray of canapes. Smoked salmon, quail eggs, tart blueberries on ricotta, cucumber and mint, all of it on crusts of french bread. Men in suits and women in evening gowns ignore him utterly as he wanders the room, other than to snatch food from his tray, shove food into their mouths, spill crumbs of food on his feet. When his tray is empty, he's handed empty wine glasses and champagne flutes

Another waiter, similarly bald, same dead expression on her face, carries caviar. It's not a very good caviar, even though it's quite expensive. Again, he has no idea how he knows this or why. He and she make eye contact. He feels a welling disgust build inside the pit of his stomach, see's the beginnings of a sneer on her own face. Then the eye contact is broken and he's walking back to the kitchen for another tray.

He continues like this for an hour: canapes, empty glasses, repeat. He hears their conversations but doesn't listen. Or at least tries not to. Introductions, small talk, glad-handing, politics from a ten-thousand foot view. And as the night goes on, and his feet start to hurt, and his back, and his hunger gnaws at him, the guests become looser, some of them tipsy, and conversations change to gossip, conspiracy theories, inept proud confessions of racism, sexism, elitism. And then…

I think it was about three years ago.
Roy Underbridge?
Yes, that's right.
How did it happen.
Drunk or something, is what I heard.
No, it was his girlfriend, broke it off right there in front of everyone.
Really? My god, the shame
He was seething, apparently, left the party and took his rage out on a hobo.
A hobo?
I suppose the guy asked him for some change, and Roy kicked him.
Kicked him to death.
And they gave him The Sentence for that?
New DA, maybe. Up for re-election. Needed that common-man vote, or something.
That's terrible. He was an architect, right? Underbridge.
Tragic. And unlucky. I mean, there for the grace, etc. I've kicked the odd hobo, I'll admit
Well, they're like rats, aren't they.
Are we still calling them hobos?

He's frozen. It all comes back to him. A stupid fucking party, just like this one. He was talking with the mayor. The fucking mayor! Who was telling him they were giving the Paris renovation to North and Peters instead of his firm. Because they were, in the mayor's words, a better fit, politically. Scrappy, he'd said, a better PR move, he'd said, not a bunch of rich kids who'd been handed their degrees by wealthy daddy's playing philanthropist at ivy-league schools. The fucking mayor, in his fucking Enzo D'Orsi pinstripes. He should have punched him. Should have decked him right there and kept his prison cell warm with memories of the terror on the fucking mayor's face.

But no, instead, he'd merely smiled, like a good little bitch, and then left. Hit the street, looking for a cab. And then that homeless guy, asking for change, and then, upon being ignored, calling him a rich prick. The homeless guy, in his own pinstriped suit jacket, stained and soiled and torn and then covered in blood. So much fucking blood, on his face, and Roy's shoes, and his throat raw from screaming.

At the trial, when the prosecutor played the cell-phone video that a passerby had captured, the part where he was screaming "Now who's scrappy, motherfucker! Now who's scrappy?" He hadn't been able to help himself. He'd smiled. Because that's what the mayor had deserved, even if it hadn't been the mayor, but some random homeless fellow, one of a thousand.

So they gave him The Sentence. Erased his memory. Erased his identity. Stuck him in a boarding house where he was compelled, by law, to work faceless jobs. For the rest of his life, compelled to wear the black coat, the gray trousers, to accept whatever abuse the good citizens of this fine city chose to heap upon him, and he never to know why, only that he deserved it.

But now, he remembers. He's not supposed to, but he remembers. Except the rage is all gone and all that's left is shame. A deep soul-crushing shame. He'd killed a man, killed an innocent man, and for what. Wounded pride? Killed a man who'd lived in on discarded chicken bones and cans of sterno, kicked him in the face with his two-thousand dollar Salvatore Ferragamos.

He drops the tray. Half-chewed wads of bread and shrimp tails, half-empty glasses of Gravner Anfora, all of crashes to the floor. The room is silent for all of three seconds. Those who bother to look curl a lip, wrinkle their nose, and then return to their conversations. As if nothing has happened. The other server rushes over and starts cleaning the mess. He steps over her and leaves.

On the street and now he's shivering even more. He's left his coat behind, but more, the shame he feels makes it difficult to walk. He doesn't know if he should walk back to the boarding house, all those miles on these filthy streets, walk until his feet bleed, or maybe he should just throw himself off the nearest bridge. He'd killed a man. He'd killed a man, and when he was done, he hadn't even cared. Even after the trial, after sentencing, as they wheeled him into the operating theater to perform The Procedure, all he could think about was the fucking mayor, and the injustice he, Roy Underbridge, had suffered.

He's tired. He's been scraped raw. He's lost, miles from the party, miles from his boarding house. There, in an alley. A dark spot next to a dumpster. He squats. Leans against the dumpster, pulls a greasy, wet piece of cardboard over himself. That poor man, the one he'd killed. Murdered. Couldn't even remember his name. Not then, not now. Why was he living on the street in the first place. Was it his own fault? Had he deserved it? Or was he just unlucky? And then, unlucky again when Roy had come out of the party, wrong place, wrong time.

Whatever. He hadn't deserved to be kicked to death. Roy wonders now if it's his turn to be kicked to death.

No, he decides. Death's too good for him.