“Seriously, dude, you’re gonna love it”. Jimmy looks almost giddy, skipping more than walking on the way to the thing. I really don’t feel like going to this thing, but he’s insisted so much over the past months that, I mean, why not. It’s not like I have anything else to do on weekends since Sheila... Well, she’s not in the picture and I don’t feel like going out.

“Jimmy, I swear to Spacegod, if this is a cult I’m out like, in no time.” I know I’m sulking. So what? I’m allowed a little sulking. I thought she was the one. She may still be, I don’t know. We may fix it yet if only she’d talk to me for a bit.

“I told you it’s not a cuuult!” Jimmy groans, “seriously, we just do it for fun, and for the community spirit, okay? No one actually expects to transform into one of the Forever.”  
“Right. And, since you don’t really worship the Forever, just pretend to turn into one of them, it’s technically not illegal.” I can see it clearly. I’ll be there with them, singing some stupid chant, and the inquisition will show up and take me for “reconditioning”.

No, I have to do like the therapist says, stop looking at everything so negatively. Maybe nothing bad will happen. Maybe it’ll be just a waste of an afternoon and fifty spacedollars.  
The group meets in a room the local school rents at night. The spiritual leader is a white guy in dreadlocks and a baggy shirt, who greets each of us with a hug. He smells like pot. Most of the attendees have already put their mats on the ground and are sitting in a lotus position. Are we doing exercise? I don’t feel like doing exercise, but at least I’ll be able to tell mom I’m doing something when I get back home and she starts nagging me again about losing weight. Jimmy gets a mat for myself and another for me, then sits to the right of a pretty girl. I sit to his right, next to the wall. I eye the door and the windows, trying to guess the fastest escape route in case the inquisition shows up.

“Some new faces today”, the instructor says. “It’s good to see new people trying to become. We all hold so much inside of us, and yet we refuse to see. Don’t worry, each one of us is able to open our eyes to the Universe.” Oh, what a big load of bullshit. I look snidely at Jimmy, but the idiot is looking at him, eyes wide open, drinking every word. Oh my hecking Spacegod.  
We start with the exercise. It’s mostly regular earthyoga, upwards dog, downwards dog, the usual. Of course, I cannot do any of the positions, and in barely ten minutes I’m sweating like a foxpig. This is bullshit. I cannot keep up with the breathing. Can’t focus on anything. Can’t stretch my legs. I hate my legs. I hate wearing legs. Ugh, I just hate wearing human, like in general. I cannot wait to get home and cast this form aside.

I… *What*?

I notice someone touching my shoulder. It’s Jimmy. “Hey, buddy”, he says, “are you ok? You haven’t moved in a while.”

I look back at him. He and Caitlyn are looking at me with a concerned face. I chuckle softly.  
“Seriously, are you okay?” Jimmy is actually worried, but she is mostly looking for an excuse to get close to Jimmy. She’d never admit it to herself, of course.

“Nah, man. It’s just funny how you and Caitlyn have had the hots for each other since the first day but each thinks that the other is way out of their league, so no one makes the first move.”  
They both startle, look at each other and blush at the same time. *Awww*, they are so cute. He’s going to be very sad when she has to move out of the planet, it will be a rough couple of years for both of them, really, till they get back together.

I wince in pain a little. “You know”, I say to Jimmy, who barely hears me because he’s still focusing on Caitlyn, “my hands are a bit constraining. I think I’m gonna take them off.”  
I hear someone screaming in terror when I let my glaphsms out. Vidiksham, the instructor, whose actual name is Steven, is recoiling back from me. “Oh come on man, when I showed up on your drug trip three weeks ago you were like, ‘I gotta tell my students about this!‘“ I complain. Some people are so rude. I’m almost tempted to not do it now, but it’d be bad manners to break causality for something so petty.

More screams. More terror. Everyone is running away from me now, the Incursion alarm sounding at full volume. Cynthia, the undercover inquisition officer, is pointing at me with a banishing rod. I reach with my seventeenth mouth and whisper to her, “Mr. Socks thought of you right before getting run over by the car. He truly loved you but cats find it really difficult to communicate love to humans.” I thought she’d be happy to hear that, but she instead cries and drops to her knees. People are weird.

Anyways, I gotta go home now because this whole entropy thing is really bugging me. Stupid euclidean universe. I yell at Jimmy, “thanks for everything buddy, really owe you one!”, drop the human body I’m wearing, and cross the fragile veil of reality between dimensions, careful not to destroy the universe in the process. I mean, that would be really awkward, wouldn’t it.