Warning: This story is not faithful to the prompt. I just started writing and ended up writing this mess of words. :)

-----

Ever walk into a room and want to know what everyone was thinking? I have. Always have. Each person has their own life, and i just wanted to experience it. Now that i am older--much older--even the vestiges of my youth are at their end, i decided that i wouldn't finally try it. I would go to the wishing stone and live the dream.

For those who do not know, the wishing stone is a pillar high up Death's Peak beyond the Dark Forest. I don't even know why they call it the Dark Forest, as half of it has been cut down and the other half is teeming with life. Strange people, what were they thinking? Death's Peak now has bridges and railings too. There hasn't been a fatality there since who knows when.

So, why is the wishing stone so rarely used? Because you have to really truly want something and be wiling to give up your life for it. If you don't want it with every fiber of your being, nothing happens at all. Zero. If you do want it though, you must be willing to sacrifice yourself for it. Legend has it that when the walls of great city were about to fall, four people went to the stone to wish for its safety. The first three were turned to stone and only the fourth survived. They say the first three were also willing to flee. The fourth was a mother and grandmother, with many in the city. She wished that the city be saved and saved it was. The story goes that they saw her ride tough and strong and vanquish the enemy single handedly, at least according to the plaque outside her statue in the town square.

Children and adolescents are proscribed from going near the stone. They often do want with all their heart, but rarely will give themselves to the cause. That law has been in place forever. I won't have that issue though. Gone are those days, even if i still wallow in their dreams.

The Festival of Light was in middle of being celebrated in the Dark Forest. Every person i met, every face i saw was another life. I was burning to know who they were. What made them tick? Some kids bubbling with excitement over a silly game. I wish i could just jump in and share their emotion. Every group, every person, so much life. 

After a slow walk enjoying all that i saw i went past the forest to Death's Peak. A number of couples were walking around enjoying the evening air. The scene was absolutely beautiful. I walked slowly over this bridge and that, until i finally made it to the stone. A few people were there enjoying some private time, when i finally walked up to the stone.

Placing my hands on the stone regardless of prying eyes, i took a deep breath and thought of my wish. I want to experience everything and everyone. Nothing happened. I pressed a bit harder, but again, nothing. That hurt. Did i really not want this? I *want* this with all my heart and soul. I looked around at people showing me concern, a tear rolled down my cheek, i pressed or hugged or just plain grabbed the stone and screamed my wish aloud, when suddenly the scene around me froze, or so it felt.

All i could think about was the stone. It pervaded my thoughts. I was forced to think, to feel, to answer,. Why do i always feel like an outsider? Why can't i just be satisfied with who i am? Why do want to be someone i am not? And then so many? But i had no answer. Instead, i thought back to the festival and all its life. I thought to family and friends and the love i felt. The strong desire to help and heal, to love and care, to always be there and share their burden. I'd do anything to help a friend, and it didn't take much to be one. I don't always show it, but i love everyone.

I felt a wave go through me. It was a strong desire to plant myself, whatever that meant. In a bit of a daze i started walking away from the stone, and those concerned faces from before helped me on my way. Everyone who touched me filled me with a torrent of emotions which i could not make out and left me confused. Next i knew though, i was back at the festival.

They asked me where i wanted to go, and i pointed towards the square at the middle of the forest. A common place to wait for one's friends. "Here," they asked, "yes, here," and there i planted my feet and started to grow.

That was centuries ago. I now have a new name, and whoever feels alone they can sleep under shade. They dream, i experience their lives, and share with them a new perspective on life, perhaps just the one that the need. With each new person i too gain a new appreciation of life, and i can can use that to help the next person even more. I could not have wished for anything more. To me, this is true happiness.