"Good evening, Innkeeper! Perchance you have enough rooms for my associates and myself? We have just finished a quest and have the money 'burning a hole in my pocket' as they say."

The young Innkeeper looked between the five adventurers, severely unimpressed and anticipating the problems these five promise to cause. Each one was dressed in full armor that had a unique flare as clear distinguishing marks. The one who spoke and the one right in front of her wore a hauntingly dark set of armor with disturbingly protruding metal thorns along his back like a briar-spine. He also was not looking at her. His helmet is stuck in place by a thick neck guard and as a result, the adventurer can not look left or right.

"One room each? "

"That is the truth. Preferably no windows in my room."

"... Okay. Will others be coming later? I've heard knights need squires to help them with their armor."

"Nay! Nay I say! Ehm. Verily, knights do need assistance with the donning and stripping of their armor, mind you we are not knights. We are simple adventurer-people who can manage their own affairs."

"Right," I looked past the man who must be the leader towards one of the adventurers who had broken off from the group. Something in the room had caught their eye. Finding what they are looking for, they halted in front of a trunk on the floor, squatting to get a better look at it and proceeding to stare at it total still.  There is nothing of real value in the trunk, just some bedding for the rooms, so I did not stop the adventurer but they made no move to open it. They are wearing a worryingly animalistic set of armor, sharp teeth designs etched around the eye slit like a massive maw biting down and person's head. They are still staring at the trunk. The leader, following my gaze somehow, spotted his comrade and sighed.

"Oh yes. That is Maximillian Michel. He boosts an extraordinary regard for... boxes. I am sure you can relate, as all people like boxes, yes? He goes to far now unfortunately, I had to disturb your inn in anyway. Shaye Sheefe, if you could retrieve our compatriot." 

One of the animal-armor adventurer's friends, Shaye, nodded and went to pull Maximillian away from the trunk. Shaye is wearing reasonable armor that is unreasonably colored. Every hue and shade could be found somewhere on this garish offense of a suit and made the Innkeeper so dizzy that she could almost swear the colors were shifting, or was the armor changing shape under the light? Shaye stood behind Maximillian, and instead of pulling him away, she stared down without even announcing her presence. SHe appeared to find something in the shape of Maximillian's armor fascinating.

"Well, such is the spirit of humans as we both surely know. Shaye Sheefe and Maximillian Michel can be fickle at times and obsessed at other times. By my neck I swear I can lead them to slay a monstrous dragon before I can lead them to decent etiquette. Disregard them for now would you? For the rooms, Skid Leon back there has his most restful nights someplace dark confided. Perhaps you would allow for one of the rooms we pay for to be your cellar?"

"...Ummm... I can give - Skid was it? - I can give Skid Leon extra bedding he could lie beneath to block out any light. Would that work?"

The leader turned around, his jagged spine armor jutting out towards the Innkeeper's face. "Did you hear her suggestion Skid Leon? Is it acceptable for you?" Skid stood far back near the door. Even from where the Innkeeper is, she could smell a musty odor and wore a suit of outdated armor styled like the soldiers of a kingdom that had fallen a century before and is rusty enough that it used back then as well.

"Those terms are great! I am so excited to sleep tonight, and in a bed as well! It has been a long while since I have spent the night laying down on a bed."

"There you have it! Such an arrangement is acceptable to Skid Leon. I can understand his instinct of desiring sleep, the week has been long so a chance to be unconscious for a time is tremendously appealing. That only leaves Antoine Armand.." 

The last adventurer, Antoine, is wearing a refreshingly plain set of armor but appeared stranger and stranger the more the Innkeeper looked at them. The metal chest piece rose and fell like a breathing torso instead of still metal and when he exhaled, air whistled through any chink in the armor not just the helmet. 

"At every town we have stayed in, without fail, he has asked for directions to a blacksmith. I once accompanied him and I now hold the hobby close to my heart as well. In Antoine Armand's own words, 'seeing armor and weapons without their straps or covers is intoxicating.' Watching a skilled craftsman work is truly awe-inspiring. You should observe a blacksmith's work when you are presented with the opportunity and see for yourself if my words hold true."

"... I'll take your word for it. It's a couple streets down, you'll see the smoke from the chimney."

"You have my thanks kind Innkeeper. For the rent of the rooms, I shall bestow this upon you."

He placed a sack filled with coins in the Innkeeper's hand, but before he could show himself to a room, the Innkeeper stopped him.

"Sir? I will also need your name just for record keeping. I am sure you understand?"

"Yes, of course that is something that I can understand. Then allow me to introduce myself, I am Dahlia Han."

"Alright then Mister Dahlia - Dahlia Han. Enjoy your stay."

Some time had passed after the five adventurers had holed up in their rooms for the night when another employee passed the Innkeeper.

"Hey James, come here a moment."

"Yeah, Liz?"

"We've got disguised monsters renting five rooms."

"Monster again? That must be the third time this month."

"Tell the rest of the staff that they are friendly but awkward. We're pros with these customers at this point so they'll know what to do."

"You got it, consider it done."

"Thanks James."