"It's just a quest for a lost cat. What could go wrong you said! It's an easy peasy mission, you said!" Melos swung his sword chopping off an undead warrior's head. I ducked under the swing as it missed me by inches, kicking another undead in the shins.  
"Look, I didn't know did I? I just thought it would be a simple retrieval mission. A fun sort of outing for the both of —" The butt of a spear knocked the breath out of me, stopping my words. Grabbing onto it, I thrust forward, tearing it out of the undead's hands and impaling him through the chest. Melos reached out, and with another casual swing,  also relieved this undead of his head.   
"That looks like the last of them. What exactly was this mission?" He panted, grabbing a rag from a nearby corpse to clean his blade. Undead blood wasn't good for metal.   
"It was just to find a cat." I shifted under his stare. "Okay, so the pay was suspiciously good, but I just thought the farmer was rich. You know...."   
Sheathing his sword with a grunt, Melos turned to stare up at the dark cave. That was our goal. At least that's what all the undead had been guarding. And where there's undead, there's got to be a necromancer. I was pretty sure the necromancer had the cat. Hopefully.  
———————  
"So the necromancer didn't have the cat, but we barely got out of there alive. Can we just call it quits now?" Melos was breathing heavily, running not really what he was made for. I frowned at him, not breathing easily myself.   
"I can't leave a quest unfulfilled. That's not how I do things. Come on. I heard a rumour in that last town that there's a new- appeared dragon nearby. Maybe it has the cat."  
"Why would it want a cat?"  
"Another denizen of pure evil to talk to? Come on." I said, charging down the mountain, Melos reluctantly following me.   
———————  
We snuck into the dragon's lair under cover of darkness. It had taken up residence in an abandoned castle, after making it abandoned. In front of us, a large shape rose, silhouetted against whatever moonlight made it through the windows.   
"Are dragons supposed to have fur?"  
"Shhh, Melos it will—" A yowling growl cut me off. "It will hear you."   
"Yeah, but it has fur. And it's ginger." Melos responded, lighting a torch. It flared to life, illuminating the dragon. Which wasn't a dragon at all.   
"Nice kitty..." I couldn't think of anything else to say. Melos actually pssspsssed at it, so I wasn't the only idiot in the room. Revealed by the torch, the cat towered over us looking like it was considering whether to eat us or squish us. Lowering its face, it sniffed us both, before focusing on me. Why was it interested in me? The thought sounded like a wail even in my head. Something in the expression shifted, and a small chirruping noise came out of the cat as it bumped its head against my chest. A low growl—no, that was a purr— filled the room.  
"Why does it like you?" Melos whispered.  
"I don't know... but did I mention the Farmer was my neighbour for ten years? I used to play with his cat... but that was a long time ago."   
"At least it looks like we're not going to be eaten, but how in the world are we going to get it back to the farmer?"  
"Reach into my pack," I said in a low voice. Never taking his eyes off the cat, Melos shuffled over until he could reach. "Find it?"  
"Yes... Is this?"  
"Tuna fish. Take it out and wave it in front of the cat." Melos did as I ordered, one hand still on his sword hilt. The cat looked away from me, before reaching out and swallowing the fish whole.  
"Well, that might work. But we're going to need a lot more fish."