If I had a nickel for every time I had to fight a pathetic excuse for a human being, I would have two nickels. Which isn’t much, but it’s strange how it happened twice.

This teenage girl, about 15, had been pushed into this role of hero and was trying to stop me, a thousand year old curse who wanted to get revenge on the damned.

“H-have at thee!” The girl shrieked as she ran to swing her sword, but I pushed her back just as she did so. If it weren’t for that Great Sage, I would’ve had my way with her and this kingdom would’ve fallen quite faster than it’s taking me.

It was sad, really, how my niece would try to send pitiful children instead of fighting me herself, but then again, her family did trap her spirit inside of the necklace I gave her.

Perhaps…Perhaps I could help this supposed chosen one change sides. Perhaps she could be a more suitable host.

While the main body was asleep, I took form as a hallucination and followed the young warrior as her team trekked in Greenhorne’s forests. I flew around her and greeted her once her friends had finally left her alone.

“Hello. It appears that you’ve caught my “eye”.” I spoke to her in an unusually calming manner.

“Woah, a ghost! Back! Back, I say!” She unsheathed her sword.

“Kid, please. You’re practically fighting air. Only you can see and hear me, so it’s best you keep it down to avoid being called crazy.”

The girl slowly put her sword away and stared, confused. “Why can I only see you…?”

“Look, kid. I think you got potential. But do you really think you can rely on friends all the time? One day they’re not gonna be there anymore.”

The young warrior huffed and crossed her arms.

“That’s not true, spirit! My friends care about me, and I care about them!”

“As long as the Guardian Spirit guides you to stopping the Dark Lord, and saving this wretched kingdom, your “friends” will surely follow. But what will happen once there are no more faces to be saved? No more darkness that falls upon this land? Where will they be?”

I could see her getting upset. I didn’t want her to get upset this early on in the plan. Not yet.

“Then again, I could be wrong. From what I can see, it seems these companions would rather not leave your side.”

She nodded. “B-because they care about me. And I care about them. Now p-please stop wasting my time, I need to find some fruit for the noble’s son and the Prince of Neksdor.”

As she walked after her friends, she turned to face me once more. “By the way, I’m Mela—“

“…nie.”

When she turned around, I had vanished.

But unbeknownst to her, I would always keep my eye on her, whether I was in this form or controlling the strings of the previous prince from a thousand years ago.

The plan has been put in motion.

Let the game begin.