“Who?”  
“That guy,” says a man on my left about the guy who was sitting on my right; he  
sat farther down the bar in an eternal façade. I didn’t notice him. I wouldn’t  
have been surprised if he was covered in leaves and blending into the trees.   
“No way,”  
“Better believe it.” - My drinking buddy on the left, sipping  
his beer with a squint. We had just met a little while ago at our stations a pint  
ago.   
“Huh, I’ll be damned,” I say looking past the mirror at an iridescent  
six-channel tv. ‘/u/deleted’ to me was just a deleted user. But yet he drank beside  
me, silently, stewing in controversy. He is one of the few men of the internet  
who is arrogant enough to say anything, without concern for social or factual wellbeing;  
yet he is also such a silhouette that he deletes each planted flag of indecision.  
“Ron, you’re telling me that one guy posted ALL of those comments online A-aaanddd  
he deleted most of them?”  
“Yeah.” Breathed Ron easily. “I’ve known him for 10 years.  
Really busy guy. Grant is hardworking, I’ll give him that.” He had a strange  
way of taking breathers in his dialogue. Really curious why he simply, just, pauses.  
“Yet. He doesn’t seem to do much. Or. Doesn’t he?” Ron questioned  
“C’mon man you’re speaking in circles.” I was tired of  
talking to this guy but I had an hour. Not long enough to do anything meaningful  
but commune with the local drunks.  
“Oh, sorry.” Ron laughed. It was funny to him. “yeah. He sits  
out on this bench down by the beach and shitposts online. Haven’t seen him talk  
to many.”   
“I can believe it.” I said sipping on my beer. He seemed nice.  
Brown Carhartt vest over a black sweatshirt overlooked by a thick but patchy  
beard was all I saw of him. From what I gathered from him, I couldn’t seem to  
piece him together. The stillness in his standing self complemented by fluid  
and rippling movements juxtaposed the contradictory character I saw on the internet.  
It was mildly interesting to me that ‘/u/deleted’ was a person. It was amazing  
that he played both sides of arguments, but never from the middle. How did this  
guy have such a stockpile of pornography along with a harem, no fleet, of women  
selling onlyfans?   
The bartender came over and cleaned his two beer glasses and  
peanut shells. The enigma went far enough to get a pickled egg. I wonder how  
the egg compared with his many pickled egg recipes posted online. He speaks 100  
languages and has unlimited yet no wealth. Utterly afraid of letting his opinion  
out. I wanted to go give him a hug, and show him that he’s has a lot to gain from  
letting it out onto a wall of text. It really is a shame that he's be too scared to keep an idea up for too long. Maybe a little self-assurance would be enough  
for the nature-loving-looking man who sat on my right.  
There wasn’t much more to think through so I went back to  
staring at the tv against the rear wall while my newfound friend Ron found a  
crossword on the bottom of the newspaper.