"listen here you ungrateful brats" he says in a fit of fury.

I stopped. I wasn't sure what he would say next. The redness in his face deepened and his clenched fist shook as he looked at the people I had been fighting to protect.

"THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE?!" He said. "This is why I fight to kill you mouth breathers everyday that I can! You aren't worthy of the time and effort he spends trying to save you. He's getting close to dying every GODDAMN TIME and what do you do?! You boo them! You curse them! 

Suddenly he was calm. The air changed completely, getting heavy around me, making it difficult to breathe. The look in his eyes changed. "that's it, none of you deserve to live. The presence of an ant is not needed at a battle between gods." 

The sky turned black and as he raised his finger to the sky, the clouds roared. He hid the sun from the rest of the world, as if he didn't want the light to witness the atrocity he was about to commit. He began to bring his finger down, almost as if in slow motion. I struggled to move against the pressure of his bloodlust. I could barely breathe, much less do anything. But I looked at the crowd of people. There were children there. Mothers, fathers, siblings. And if I didn't move they were going to die. 

"No."

I filled with rage. How dare he compare his likeness to a god. We weren't gods. We had these powers but that didn't mean we had the freedom to do what we want. We were responsible for protecting the weak not killing them. I moved faster than I've ever moved in my life. In an instant, I blinked and I was above the people as the grandaddy of all lightning bolts arched it's way down towards me. 

I should have been scared. I should have seen my life flash before me like everyone tells me you're supposed to when you are about to die. But I didn't see that. I saw every failure I had ever made. Was I going to allow myself to fail again? 

"No!"

The bolt hit, and with everything in me I held it. It hurt like hell. I wanted to let go. I wanted to pass out, but I stayed. I couldn't let it hit the people... But I was losing. I couldn't hold it. I wanted to pass out. But then- out of no where, for the first time in my entire life as a hero, I heard a voice.

"DONT GIVE UP!"

It was a girl, no older than five or six. Standing in front of the crowd, looking at me as tears streamed down her face. The people looking at her in awe. I was shocked. So much so that I forgot about the pain for a moment. I forgot everything. She said it again.

"DONT GIVE UP!"

The crowd started cheering. 

"You listen to us criticize you daily! This little bolt ain't nothin!" "Kick that little ball of light to the moon!" "You got this!"

Then I heard a voice above all of theirs. Stern and controlling.

"Quiet you heathens. You're only saying this because you don't want to die. You're hypocrisy is appealing, and predictable. You won't survive this- not today."

He called down another bolt, just as big as the first, and hit me again. But this time, I didn't move. 

"You can do it."

I began to scream. With every cell in my body I pushed back, absorbing the energy from the lightning into myself. I looked into his eyes, those cold, determined eyes. Eyes filled with pain, hurt, and longing and I understood. I wasn't looking at a villian... I was looking at myself. And in that moment, I knew what I had to do.

"It's time for you to come down from that throne of yours" I said. And I blasted everything I had absorbed back at him. But then i added more. My own life force was poured into the blast, pushing past my limits. I would hold nothing back. It hit him and he flew back, the blast ripping his atoms apart. I screamed even louder, and as his form vanished in the light, my world when black- and I fell.