Taking this prompt in a slightly different direction. Hope that's okay.

---
After what felt like a twenty-four-hour flight, the spaceplane finally landed at the spaceport on Cercyon. As soon as the seatbelt light went off, I stood up and stretched my legs before making my way off the plane. Once I had collected my baggage, I made my way to the terminal, where I saw a magenta-skinned man wearing a silver cloak over his green button-up shirt and teal slacks.  
"Hello, William!" he said, waving at me.  
"Klyto!" I said, "Good to see you, man."  
I walked over to Klyto, and he handed me a similar cloak to his and gestured to the elevator door.  
"Come," he said, "my vehicle is this way. Would you like to go straight to my place, or is there any place you might like to stop along the path?"  
"Well, I am kind of hungry. Do you think we could grab lunch or something?"  
"Of course, William!"  
The elevator door opened and we stepped inside. He pushed the button marked "Parking", and the car descended.

Klyto drove me into the city of Euthenia in something that vaguely resembled a car. It had three wheels: one in back, and two in front that pivoted in front of the canopy to steer as he tilted the lever in front of him.  
"You're probably not familiar with the food around here." Klyto said, "Terran food is very popular around here, so there are a few restaurants you can choose from. Or if you'd be interested in something new, I might suggest you try some nacior. I hear it's a popular starter for humans."  
"I think I'd rather go for something Terran. Do you have burgers around here?"  
"As a matter of fact, we do. Just a couple blocks down, would you like that?"  
"Yes, please!"  
Klyto continued to drive straight down the road, then turned into the driveway of a building with a sign on it written in Aglaean characters. The only text I could read were the words "BURGER" and "FRIES" written vertically on either side.  
"'Flip and Fry', I believe is a good translation." Klyto said, "Come, let's go inside."

The decor should've been my first clue that this was not a burger joint like the ones on Earth.  
It seemed to be going for an old-school diner aesthetic, but there were no stools at the bar, and the tables all had padded benches even if they weren't in a booth. Regardless, Klyto and I walked up to the counter, where a human woman stood behind a strange device that I guessed was their version of a cash register.  
"What would you like?" Klyto asked me.  
"Just a couple regular cheeseburgers and a small fry."  
"Ah. I'll have a twenty-piece box of nuggets."  
"Any drinks?" the cashier asked.  
"Do you have any cola?" I asked in turn.  
"Yeah, we have Coca-Cola."  
"I'll have a large Coke then."  
"Make that two." Klyto said.  
The lady said something I couldn't understand, and Klyto handed her some coins.  
"Your food will be ready in just a couple minutes." she said.  
After a couple minutes, a tray of food was handed to Klyto, and we made our way to a table. I unwrapped my first burger, and nearly dropped it when I saw it. Instead of a split bun, it looked like it was in a pita pocket, coated on all sides in what looked like sesame seeds. The patty was yellow, with a disk of green cheese on the top. Orange leaves poked out from inside the bun, and he could see thin purple disks peeking out.   
"What is this?" I asked.  
"It's a burger, isn't it?" Klyto said.  
"I've never had a yellow burger before."  
"Well, it's made from phoron, topped with cheese made from mardji milk."  
"That's not right. It's supposed to be made of beef, and the cheese is supposed to be made of cow's cheese. And are these supposed to be pickles?"  
"They are pickles. Pickled olacos."  
"What's an olaco? What happened to cucumbers?"  
"Is something wrong?" a man in a white apron and paper hat said as he approached the table. His nametag said MANAGER: EUGENE  
"Oh," I said, "I'm sorry. I don't mean to cause a disturbance."  
"Well, is there something wrong?" he asked again.  
"I just don't quite understand what's in this 'burger.'"  
"Ah, you're Terran, aren't you?" he said, "There's always some confusion when a real Terran comes here for the first time. Don't worry, we know full-well that it's not exactly authentic. This place was started by my grandparents. They used to be fry cooks back on Earth, but when the Cercyonians discovered how much they loved Terran food, they moved out here to start their own restaurant. They didn't have much money, so they couldn't afford to import beef or anything without pricing themselves out of the market. They had to work with what was available on this planet. Trust me, it's perfectly fine."  
I took another look at my "burger", and cautiously took a bite. It definitely tasted a little different, but the flavor still... made sense, for lack of a better way to describe it. The phoron patty was savory and salty, the mardji cheese was sweet, and the olaco pickles brought a nice sourness. The orange leaves were a little bitter, but added a satisfying crunch, and the flavor worked surprisingly well.  
"Good?" Eugene asked.  
I gave him a thumbs up, and he returned to the counter with a smile. I swallowed my bite of burger. Now content with the fact that everything was going to be fine, I picked up my soda and took a sip.

I gagged instantly.  
"Is this *New* Coke?!"

---
Hope that was acceptable. My mind took the idea of "human food becomes popular among aliens" and ran with it all the way to "you know how ethnic American food is never the same as the actual foreign food?" So that idea ended up being the big thing I focused this story around. I'm sorry if that's a bit of a stretch, I just thought it would be fun.