The Bathysphere sounded with a hiss as the transit line ended. Trader Mal turned to Tom, ruffling his hair. They’d told him to be prepared for the strange and unworldly, he hadn’t expected a full culture shock.  
  
The Cavity, as it was so called, was just that: a massive hollow chamber lit by heavy red and blue lanterns, stalactites of fat and protein reaching down, strange lakes of murky yellow liquid below. A great geyser of water flowed down behind, mixing with pus and blood as it spiraled away, the Bathysphere line hidden inside. Buildings were carved out of scale and bone, poking out through the landscape of the drained pustule. The air was tinged with iron, the tang of flesh wrinkling his nose as the men began unloading the goods. Someone walked up the “road”: the collapsed vein leaving a tract directly to the station.  
  
The man was obviously a native human, sent to “disarm” them of their intentions (if they had such notions of seedy behavior). His skin was smooth, and unlike the fish-men that inhabited the greater world, he had no tattoos: the strange, almost ichorous yellow skin and barbs undulating softly as he approached. His accent was thick as he addressed Mal, who nodded to him in turn. “Business?” He pointed to the crates. “Spices, and a few trinkets here and there. Ledger if you want it.” She held out the booklet, and he took hold of it. Tom noted that his hands had the suckers of an octopus on each finger. He leafed through it for a moment, then nodded. His sclera’s were oddly human, a deep blue that pierced him as he stared. “Dermal Quarter, show them this if they hassle you.” He handed Mal a nodule of “something”, it seemed to pulse as she took it. With that, he withdrew, walking back down the path. The drip and flow of humors was everywhere as Tom watched him go.  
  
“Oy, ‘prentice, get moving, can’t stay Starstruck forever!” She barked at him and he snapped out of his stupor. With the geyser spray still shielding him from the sights and smells, he began unloading the goods with the rest.  
  
Shore leave in The Cavity proved to be an endless source of both delight and repulsion to Tom. He’d been to quite a few places in Roil, but never such a town as this. The smell was impossible to escape, ranging from coppery blood one minute to sweet rot the next, and the locals assured him that it was normal to vomit upon the first stay. Fields of cilia and nodules grew like rice throughout the yellow pools, farmers harvesting them like cattails as they rode in carapace-like boats. He saw children (or so he assumed from their small size) swimming in the excretions, splashing at each other and making merry, with everything from tails to tentacles. The streets were alive with the locals bartering for flesh and goods, the traders’ own stock being sold on open markets to men with the heads of eels. The folk here were remarkably hospitable despite their strange shapes, and he found himself being invited to many a home, many a tavern, and many a party. Though the landscape was inhospitable, the people more than made up for it.  
  
Three days in, and Mal pulled him aside. “Be careful boy. This place has a way of drawing you in. These people all had to come from somewhere, and the fish men who live in the ceiling do not eat the Flesh.” He scoffed. After all, his nose still wrinkled at the smell and he still declined the food. The shapes of the people, while friendly, were still unappealing to him.   
  
Halfway through the leave, he met her. Her skin was a rubbery green, her teeth a sharp smile. She, like most of the people here, invited him out to a day on the town. To a festival, reveling in the streets, singing of the bounty of the great dead God. The air was tinged with saffron and coriander, the atmosphere filled with skin-like confetti. And there, at the urging of several accompanying locals, he took a bite of a strange kebab. The girl smiled at him as he chewed, the taste like any other choice slice of pork he’d eaten, but laced with spice and fat. She led him to more places, stalls and games. His mind began to addle. He could no longer smell the pus, and he didn’t know why he’d been so repulsed by the beautiful girl. As the lanterns darkened for the night, and the pools glowed in unearthly grace, she kissed him sweetly.  
  
The very next day, he began to notice the change. His skin had a strange pallor to it. Were those teeth in his mouth or the sieve of a whale? The girl held his patterned chest and he gulped in the air that smelled of nothing. He rushed to the mirror, his eyes were not his, but black like a shark. He left his room and found Mal, who was smoking a pipe and singing of the Blue Rise. “Oh-ho. Looks like someone found a taste for the Cavity, eh?” She barely recognized him at first, but simply clapped him on the back. “Don’t worry boy. It’s not permanent unless you stay here. Even the oldest of monsters in here turn back when they leave.” He felt a deep relief at that, but even still, he resolved not to mingle with such things any more.  
  
And yet he could not deny his love for the girl, with green skin and a scaled face. Her tiger-eyes stared into his soul as she clung to him. He told himself that it was merely the influence, that he would find no taste for her upon leaving. Yet still his heart fluttered, still it beat in irregular three-tones as she held him softly. The pulse of the world around them. He didn’t need to think of anything now, of the places he wanted to go, or the strange world outside where there were so, so many problems. Here, he could run and laugh and play, and think only of how the night would end with him in the arms of his love. He clouded over, the dreamy world falling into place around him.   
  
That final night, before it was time to finally leave, he dreamed. In the dream he was himself again, his human body swimming in the open sea. A great creature came up and swallowed him, and as he went down it’s throat he began eating in turn, ripping chunks of organ and cracking bone to sup at marrow, until finally it was all gone, and he was the beast, coming up through the water to eat-  
  
He awoke with a gasp, the air was copper, the girl in his bed strange, for just a moment. Then it returned to being a dream, her skin was beautiful again. He was beautiful again. He looked into the mirror. Unfamiliar blue eyes looked back. Did he truly wish for it to leave?  
  
The day rose, the lanterns lit like the Stars above. The traders hustled up the vein-road, back to the station, looking harrowed and shaken. Mal looked back down the road to see a strange creature looking back, barely human, skin a deep red. It waved at her, then, with a green woman on it’s tentacled arms, disappeared into the fields of hairs and flesh. She nodded, swallowing.   
  
The fellow with amber skin and blue eyes met her at the station. He deposited an extra sack of coins into her hands as they loaded their goods, rarities from the Dead Beast. “Will he be safe? She asked him, expectantly. “He is one of us now.” The man nodded at her. She gulped.   
  
The practice of bringing uninformed and un-warded outsiders to the Cavity was outlawed, but such laws were easily circumvented. The locals paid well for new blood, to diversify their bodies and minds. Mal deposited the extra coin, thinking of the fate she’d left the boy to. She had warned him, but it did little good to dissuade. She remembered the call that she too felt in the township, what it meant to be part of this place, and shuddered. She stepped lively into the line, and with a rush of stale, fleshy air, the Bathysphere closed. It rose up the geyser, up to the sea, where men were still men, and monsters lurked below.

  
Thanks for reading!