“The crow will win.”

Dreyfus scoffed, “hah! As if! The dragon is clearly the more powerful of the pair.”

Talos smirked, “you believe this to be a test of power?”

Dreyfus raised a brow, “why yes, it’s a fight, is it not?”

Talos grinned, “the question within that statement reveals your uncertainty.”

“Even if it isn’t, I don’t understand how the crow will win.”

“I wouldn’t be a very good teacher if I merely gave away the answers. You tell me, besides, my hypothesis may not be accurate.”

“If I can’t answer this, it will reflect on your ability as a teacher.”

“If you can’t, but I believe you will be able to. Start at the beginning, what is the goal of the game?”

“To obtain the coin.”

“Good. So, what does that tell you?”

“It tells me that it’s a battle of conquest. It’s not about defeating one another, but rather in obtaining something.”

“Do butchers win wars?”

“No, strategists. But this is no battle of strategy.”

“You underestimate those creatures. Humans have an inflated ego when it comes to intellect, it blinds them to the intellect in others.”

“Hmm… well, from tactics alone, my guess would be the crow. They are able to predict when the dragon will spew flame to avoid it, but how?”

“Cleverness and patterns, see how the dragon’s throat glows before they breathe?”

“Ah… I see. But dodge the flame as the crow may, they will still not be able to obtain the coin.”

“Why is that?”

“The dragon has control. The crow is on the defensive, they aren’t gaining any ground.”

“The dragon has the same problem you have, they believe power will be enough to result in their victory. It makes them proud, full of themselves, foolish.”

“Oh… the crow’s not dodging for dear life, are they? They’re biding their time!”

“Correct! Analyzing all the angles, looking for a weakness in their opponent’s defenses.”

“So you aren’t being pretentious.”

“Pardon?”

“You always simply block my attacks in sparring until taking me down at the end. I always thought you were teasing me, trying to make me feel small, now I understand you were conserving energy for the final blow.”

Talos smiled, “Good. You’re seeing the practicality in this little thought experiment. I look forward to what tactics you will utilize in our next sparring session.”

Dreyfus grinned, “you’ll regret that statement.”

Talos shrugged, “We shall see. Ah, it looks as if the crow’s plan is ready.”

Dreyfus blinked, “they allowed one of their feathers to be lit on fire, why?”

“To even the playing field, obtain their own weapon. A smart fighter knows how to use their opponent’s strengths against them.”

“I see, then I have hope against you yet.”

Talos smirked, “Perhaps, my pupil. Perhaps.”