Since the moment I moved into this house I was unsettled, even more so when the girl came every midnight asking for something sweet to eat. I spent years trying to figure out why, but she never answered, I asked her name but she never replied. So being a little superstitious, I decided to put up cameras to record the door and continued giving her sweets. I soon discovered that while the camera could not see her, it could see the candy be picked up and disappear in the air.

After a few years she finally decided to say something else besides asking for sweets to eat. She asked who I was, and why I moved out here. I told her the truth, figuring she was some type of ghost or other supernatural entity, I decided that lying wasn't a good idea. Since then we've began to talk whenever she comes over. 

Today was another full moon, so I went upstairs to grab the bowl of candy. I still think it's funny honestly, how this all started 11 years ago, but hey, life is wired that wa- *CRASH* I stopped in my room, 'That was glass, she doesn't break glass and it's 5 minutes early.' I grabbed my gun from the night stand and quietly made my way out of my room. That's when I saw them, 2 individuals trying to grab anything of value.

"GET ON THE GROUND OR GO TO THE HOSPITAL!" I shouted.

I barely had a moment to react as they both raised their arms at me. 

*BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG...... BANG*



The girl came to the door the same way she always had, something was wrong, it was open and a window was broken. As she grew closer the rich smell of human blood filled her, she surged forward and threw open the door completely. There were 2 dead humans in the living room, shot multiple times, but neither were her friend Adrian. She looked around for a moment before hearing a groan from upstairs. She walked up the steps and froze for a moment. Adrian had been shot as well, and was bleeding profusely.

"I knew you'd be on time like usual." Adrian said weakly.

"Save your strength, have you called your 911 yet?" She asked soothingly while applying pressure to the worst wound.

"Yeah, they won't get here in time. I feel cold." He said shakily. 

After a moment of silence Adrian gently took her hand.

"It's been fun kid, honestly it has. But, the curtains are...... closing for me." He looked into her green eyes. "Before I go, could I finally learn your name?."

She smiled softly, "My name is Alyssa, and it was so much fun being with you." 

Adrian chuckled weakly "That's a beautiful name, goodbye Alyssa." He said before his hand fell limp.

"Goodbye Adrian, may your soul finally find peace." She said warmly as a tear trickled down her face.

She gently set Adrian's hand on his chest, closed his eyes and stood up. She glanced into his room and saw the bowl of her favorite candy. She turned and entered the room. Taking the bowl she slowly walked down the stairs and stopped at the other 2 dead men.

"May your soul's only know torment and suffering." She declared coldly as more tears trickled down her face.

She stepped out of the house and heard the sounds of sirens coming closer. She shook her head slowly and disappeared back into the forest.