“I hate your stinking guts,” Dale whispered as he sharpened the blade on a whetstone. “I hate your stinking guts,” he repeated, bringing the edge in the opposite direction.   
  
The front door opened on the main floor, and Dale heard shuffling as his roommate Brennan took off his shoes and kicked them against the wall. It was his usual entrance since Dale instituted a “no shoes in the house” policy.  
  
“I’m home,” Brennan shouted. Then, under his breath, he muttered, “asshole.”   
  
Normal humans wouldn’t have heard Brennan, but Dale wasn’t an average human. He didn’t even remember what it was like to be “normal.” But he did keep the hateful part of his humanity; after two years, he knew he’d had enough of his roommate. Hunting vampires for a living gave Dale a cavalier attitude towards murder; most of his thoughts went to making peace with the fact that he was a vampire hunting vampires- a strange problem.  
  
Dale waited until dinner to make his move. He made a nice meal for him and Brennan, spaghetti and meatballs, and bit his tongue whenever Brennan said something he disagreed with, which was often. He collected the plates and took them to the sink, setting them down while he withdrew the knife from his pocket…  
  
In two quick strides, he was behind Brennan, sinking the steel blade into his roommate’s neck. Dale felt his fangs appear at the thought of bloodshed.  
  
“What the hell are you doing!” Brennan shouted, standing up with the knife still in his neck. He looked at Dale in surprise. “Did you just stab me?” he said, pulling the knife from his neck and inspecting it.  
  
There wasn’t a single drop of blood.   
  
Dale saw Brennan staring at his mouth. Then, too late, he put his fangs away.  
  
Just before Brennan popped his.   
  
“You. You’re a vampire?” Dale said, his mind racing. Didn’t the revelation make things simpler? He was a vampire hunter, and Brennan was a vampire. Simple.   
  
“You are too, I see,” Brennan said, moving the chair between them out of the way.   
  
Dale didn’t have time to pop his fangs back out before Brennan lunged. They grabbed at each other, scratched and clawed, rolled and punched. They were worn out and exhausted by the end of it, one leaning on the kitchen counter and one on what was left of the kitchen table.  
  
“Neither of us is going to win this,” Dale said.  
  
“I’m not done; just taking a break,” Brennan snarled.  
  
Dale put his fangs away. “Look, I don’t know what I was thinking. I can’t even afford rent here alone….”  
  
“Neither can I,” Brennan admitted. He wasn’t ready to put his fangs away quite yet.  
  
“Well, what should we do?” Dale asked.  
  
“You tried to kill me!” Brennan said. “Do you think I’m just going to forget that?”  
  
Dale picked the knife up from the floor and handed it to his roommate. Then, taking a step back, he showed Brennan his neck. “The way I see it, there’s only one way we make this even. Stab me back.”  
  
“What? Why would I do that? It won’t do anything?”  
  
“Exactly. Me stabbing you didn’t do anything either. But at least this way, we’ll be even.”  
  
Brennan weighed the knife in his hand. Then, with a deft flick of his wrist, he caught the blade and threw it at Dale.  
  
Only the handle could be seen, the rest of the blade deep within Dale’s neck.  
  
Surprised, Dale stumbled backward. “Where’d you learn to do that?” he asked before pulling the knife out with a grimace. Despite the lack of blood on the blade, he wiped it on his pants.  
  
“There’s a lot about me you don’t know,” Brennan said, suddenly sullen.  
  
Dale arranged a three-legged chair at the table and sat down, balancing so that he remained neutral. Brennan stared at his roommate and then, reluctantly, sat down as well.  
  
“When were you born?” Dale asked.  
  
“I served with Alexander the Great,” Brennan said.  
  
“Wow, you’re almost as old as me!” Dale waited for Brennan to ask how old he was, but the question never came. “Do you work for the government?” Dale asked.  
  
Brennan nodded. “Yes. It’s very boring,” he said with a sigh. “What do you do?”  
  
“Well… you’re going to laugh. I’m a vampire hunter.”  
  
“Wait, but you’re a vampire.”  
  
“I know. Who better than to find them, right?”  
  
“How’d you get into that?”  
  
“I was made for it. My maker was responsible for keeping the vampire population under control. He made me for the Americas, and he’s responsible for Europe. Been a century or so since I’ve seen him.”  
  
Dale paused, waiting for Brennan to reply, and continued when his roommate didn’t say anything.   
  
“I got the worse end of the bargain in that deal,” Dale said with a laugh. “Can’t even afford a roof over my head without a roommate.”  
  
Brennan chuckled. “Why do you think I go down to that terrible job every day?”  
  
“I thought you liked it,” Dale replied.  
  
“Oh yea, I come home in a bad mood every day because I love my job,” Brennan said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.   
  
Dale laughed. “Tell you what. Next time I go out on a hit, you come with me? So we can both be hunters.”  
  
Brennan thought for a moment. Then, he looked at Dale and said, “it’s about time I got into the family business.”