Boris: “I stared it down for a good minute, trying to figure out how to approach this.”  
  
Shawn: “Thank you! Someone gets it! These days people care more about quantity than quality, to really get a good shot, you have to really get in the moment to capture it.”  
  
Victor: “I’ll drink to that! They say being about to make it quick is an indicator of talent, but when a fuck up could cost you a once-in-a-lifetime shot, I take all the time I need to make sure it's just perfect.”  
  
Boris: “Thank goodness you guys get it, I thought I was the only one. It’s an art form, not just a hobby.”  
  
Shawn: “Exactly! People think that just because it's so common means that it isn’t real art, but that’s fucked. It’s just as valid as any other.”  
  
Victor: “You both seem so removed. I understand an appreciation for the craft, but this isn’t to be taken lightly. I’m not always proud of my work, but this is the direction life took me.”  
  
Boris: “You and me both. A better man would quit altogether, but I’m not strong enough to leave it all behind. It cost me my wife, fuck, I miss her.”  
  
Shawn: “No wonder you’ve been slamming those drinks, I’m sorry man. But I admire you, not compromising your artistic integrity. It’s not an easy living, but we’ll break through one day, I promise.”  
  
Victor: “Wow, a real support group for our line of work. I never knew I needed this. I relate to everything you’re saying, it’s incredibly refreshing.”  
  
Boris: “Really? They aren’t hard to find. I just… can’t really bare to go to an organized one, admit my guilt and all. At least you guys understand, you don’t judge me.”  
  
Shawn: “I mean, yeah, sure, there are a lot of struggling people out there, but that’s not the same as this. We truly understand each other, that’s special.”  
  
Victor: “Fuck yes. We need to keep in touch. Hey, why are you just staring down your drink?”  
  
Boris: “It’s as you said, it's about taking your time.”  
  
Shawn: “Do you do that with everything? Damn, that’s commitment.”  
  
Victor: “So… you were staring your target down… then what?”  
  
Boris: “Everyone was cheering me on, it was my twelfth that night.”  
  
Shawn: “You could focus with all those people around you? Wouldn’t that disturb the peace?”  
  
Victor: “You cocky bastard! You turned the whole thing into a spectacle? I’m not sure whether to admire you or hate you.”  
  
Boris: “I know some people prefer to take their shots in private, but after what I did pushed everyone away, it was nice to find people who were willing to support me, like both of you have.”  
  
Shawn: “So it was the moment that made the shot special, not the shot itself?”  
  
Boris: “Exactly, that was the first day after losing my wife I thought things might turn out already. Still miss her like hell, but I’m getting better. What about you?”  
  
Shawn: “It was a shot I took on a whim. It was just one that this man asked me to take. I’ll never forget his name. Jack Daniels. What a beautiful sight. The light hit him just right. The shot was perfect without even trying. I’ll never find another like it.”  
  
Boris: “Jack Daniels, good damn choice. What about you, what’s your best shot.”  
  
Victor: Victor sighed. They definitely weren’t talking about the same Jack Daniels. He supposed it was too good to be true to find two supportive hitmen. Regardless, they could be nice friends, as long as they were able to keep up this charade a little longer. He smiled, “another day perhaps.”