As the question about my nemesis departs from the reporters foolish lips, I, his greatest and most magnificent foe, feel the fury well up within me at the audacity of these lesser beings to slander titans such as we. 

"Quite frankly, i would like to see any of you sniveling shitstains try to 'Open up a can of whoop ass' on me, as he is so fond of saying, even once." I state emphatically, with a flourish of my cloak. 

" Let alone as many times at that infuriatingly brilliant do-gooder. You are worth less than a single turd adrift in his toilet. You call this man weak, yet when i step into a bank to relieve it of its funds, you cry and piss yourselves, and acquiesce with a whimper." I pace with wondrous malice, i am so very good at dramatic flair!

"Do you charge headfirst into danger to protect strangers? No, you stand quivering around a corner whining your pathetic drivel to the authorities. This man is not only brave in his actions, but braver than most in his words, in that he is willing to accept and admit his own pain and struggle. Not only that, but instead of robbing banks, kidnapping politicians daughters, seizing control of the city's water supplies, or selling copious quantities of drugs as i do to deal with my pain. He took the higher road, yes, the higher road. I can admit it, i know what i am. He decided to channel his pain into keeping me from enslaving you simpletons. All of this simply because of the utter enormity of his character. You should be ashamed of yourselves, especially because you have to hear this from his greatest enemy, my glorious self. Even superior beings such as that confoundable Arc and my illustrious self are not immune to the blight of maladies psychological. That is all i have to say about the issue." I return to my seat on the lounge before my fireplace.

"Uhh... wow, okay. That is not at all what i thought you'd say, you were so... nice.. to him?" Oh, how tiresome this gutless dullard grows.

"Well, i dont give a kangaroo's cooch what you think you spineless buffoon." A withering jab! I shall have to partake in an extra glass of schnapps later, to celebrate my genius!

"There it is." Is he attempting a jest at my expense? Perhaps he is not so cowardly as i first believed.

"Oh go dine upon a porcine phallus you insufferable muckraker." That was a magnificent riposte, if I do say so to my own glorious self!

"Well the Righton City Post is grateful for the interview regardless Dr. Defiler." I nod, and turn away from the dull creature who calls himself a reporter.

"Well someone had to say it, the insignificant scum seem to have forgotten their place. Run along now, i grow bored. Quickly, before i lose my patience and turn you into a mushroom-spider-crab to entertain myself." I shall have to make some for my next, most dastardly scheme anyway. Why not start now?

"Right, cut the camera. Pack it up boys." He begins to move without nearly enough urgency, that will not do at all. I glare at him and release a low, guttural growl. "Pack.. PACK IT UP, COME ON, LETS GO!"

"Im surrounded by idiots..." i sit on my lounge by the fire and sip my tea, content at my scathing remarks.