*boom boom* came the fist pounding on the door. 

I stared at the upside down clock. Eleven? nine? I couldn’t make out the numbers from across the room. 

“I’m coming” I grumbled as the pounding intensified. 

Dragging the shabby robe around my shoulders I opened the door. 

“Deathblow..” I mumbled as I stooped back from the door frame.

“If it isn’t my arch nemesis Lightning Bolt” he said as he pushed forward through the opening. 

 “What are you doing here? Are you planning to kill me? Cos I’m already dead inside”

“Kill you? No Lightning, I just want to talk”. 

Deathblow looked around the apartment, a veritable pig sty of take away containers, dirty costumes, and bottles of booze. 

“It’s true isn’t it Lightning. You’ve given up!” He continued to hunt his eyes across the room before switching his gaze to me.  
“I had heard rumours from the underground. Rumours that you were in a slump, had checked out, weren’t fighting for a cause anymore. And then when you came out about it on 60 minutes the other week, it confirmed they were true. 

“So what, you’re finally going to vanquish me forever? I’m weak, here’s your shot, you won’t even need to chase me down” I despondently returned. 

“Vanquish you? No Lightning. I came to check on you. 

My minions said I was crazy to even do this. Just point the death ray at his house and vaporize him they suggested. 

I mean with all the backlash it would have been easy. Might even have picked up a presidential medal or something.”

“Yeah, well you should have just done it”. 

“But they don’t understand.” Deathblow continued. 

“Understand what?”

“They don’t understand that I NEED you. I need you Lightning”

“Need me?”

“Things haven’t been the same since you’re out of the game. 

I mean I death rayed like 3 different cities and nothing. Now they were cities down south and no one cares about Mobile, Alabama. Big boom and it just disappeared, probably for the best. Racism, incest, violence blah blah. 

Sorry, getting side tracked. Any way, as I was saying, I’ve been operating without challenge and its just, its lost its thrill. 

The media have it all wrong. They’re talking about me being a terrorist, that I’m a thrill killer just looking for more bodies. But it’s not the truth. I’m in it for the chase. 

You come after me, I come after you, some towns may or may not get death rayed. It’s a whole thing. 

But then you stepped away and it just hasn’t been as engaging. I feel like..”

“So it’s all about you then?” I snapped back

“No Lightning, you have it all wrong. I want to see you thrive too. I hate seeing you like this. 

I mean sure, me splashing your wife in the face with acid and permanently disfiguring her was probably a blow to your self esteem, but I thought we’d worked past that after you tried to electrocute me back in 2019.” 

“Well yeah, there was that and I was super angry but I moved on. I dated a bit, the women do love the electric clit tingling that’s for sure”. I said wryly, cracking a smile for the first time in months. 

“See there you go, that’s the Lightning I know” Deathblow beamed, seeing my demeanour change. He nudged me gently on the shoulder. 

“But that’s not why I’m depressed. See I’m just like you. I need the cat and mouse, the sense of achievement, of hitting milestones” I conceded, the humour had lifted a veil of insecurity that had settled in the room. 

“Its these other supers. They have been getting in my way, muscling in on my counter attacks, getting glory in the press for preventing the disasters I was planning to prevent!” I slammed my fist against a table in anger. 

“Fucking Batman. He’s just a rich guy that’s bored and wanting to fight people and get away with it. I was all set to defeat you on the top of that skyscraper last year and then that asshole blew up your east coast reactor and fucked it all up! 

Ever since then, I’ve just been in a funk. I thought we were exclusive. Mana a mana, one on one, fighting here, near escapes there” My chest heaved from the diatribe, the exasperation present in my voice. 

“This is about Batman?” Deathblow asked sincerely. 

“Ha ha ahaha” he let out a bellowing laugh. “Batman! I dealt with him. He thought he’d won with that reactor play, but then I shorted Wayne Enterprises and he lost big and now he’s broke. He can’t afford to fight anyone now. All his assets were seized! Classic.”

“Yeah? But what about superman”

“Krypton lined bad guy costume. Can’t get close to me” 

“Spider man?” 

“Sold his images to the daily bugle. He’s in hiding now” 

“Deadpool?” 

“Cosmetic surgery. He doesn’t want to risk hurting his face any more.

You see Lightning. I only want you. You’re my yang to my yin, the Jobs to my Wozniak, the.. you get the picture. 

I got rid of those guys so I could battle you. So if that’s what you want too, then maybe we can go back to the way things were?” Deathblow held his hand out in a gesture of support. 

“I suppose. I mean I’ve been suffering for a while now so I’m not gonna be up to my usual levels for a while”

“Take all the time you need! Hell, take my yacht, go sail the med for a while, the girls there are amazing. Then when you’ve had a bit of time to regenerate, I’ll hook you up with my trainer. He’s so good, he’s the guy that trains Chris Hemsworth! 

And Wendy my performance coach? She used to train hedgies to be at the top of their game, but then her boss slash lover fled to Switzerland and her mojo just dropped, so I scooped her up and she’s made me a killer too, she helped with that batman play. You’ll love her!” Deathblow’s voice was full of excitement, his hands soaring as he paced around the room. 

“Do we have a deal?” He enquired, eyes locked in one last attempt to convince me. 

“Deal!” I said. “I’ll see you in a month. You better be prepared because I’m gonna banish you and destroy your death ray once and for all” a sense or purpose invigorating my soul once again. 

“Ahh now that’s the Lightning I want to see again.” Deathblow’s grin widened. “See you in August nemesis!” 

“See you in August” I retorted