"Gotta catch 'em all!" I sang to myself, as I stepped out into the tall grass, starting on my very own Pokémon adventure. I held the red and white ball at arms length, admiring the technology that held a living creature in suspended animation within the palm of my hand. The professor had used more big words to describe the technological wonders behind the device, but I hadn't paid it any attention. I couldn't understand the terms anyways. 

I heard a rustle in the grass, sending my heart rate into overdrive. My first Pokémon battle was about to begin!

I looked down at the ball in my hands. This small elemental creature was going to obey my commands, summoning the very essence of the universe to create violence at my will. With a deep breath, I drew my arm back, and prepared to throw. 

"Go, Poopybutt!" I shouted, and activated the ball. It arced in a magnificent curve, going as far as any 10 year old had ever thrown a mystical monster. 

The ball landed with a thunk, bouncing off of the rock and coming to a halt. 

Nothing happened.

The rustling grass grew closer.

Had I done it wrong somehow? I walked the four feet or so to the ball, and examined it. There was a dent along the front edge, where the red and white halves met. The usually glowing middle button was dim, flickering in and out with irregular pulses. Through the hole by the dent, I could see the small Charmander's eye  staring back, trembling in fear. 

The grass parted before me, and a large purple rat emerged. The Pokémon was a Rattata, a rat with a vicious bite. I knew from various TV shows that it was a normal type in this region, weak to fighting types and immune to ghosts. But there was something about this Pokémon that a show hadn't covered. 

This one's mouth was dripping a frothy, white foam. 

I pulled out an empty Pokéball and prepared to catch it. Before I could throw, the Rattata pounced. 

Sharp teeth clasped around my throwing hand, digging in all the way through to the Pokéball beneath. I screamed, flailing my hand around, trying to get away. This Pokémon wasn't supposed to learn Bite until level 10, this was the level 3 to 5 zone! The Pokémon rangers were supposed to keep them in their own areas!

Tears blocked my vision as I thrashed around, desperately trying to remove the Pokémon from my hand. More blood than I had ever seen before pooled around me, making gruesome splashing patterns on the trees and dirt path before me. I cried in pain and fear, sobbing for my mom. 

I heard a tiny voice shout something I couldn't quite understand. Suddenly, a burst of flame engulfed the Rattata, and my hand below it. My flailing increased somehow, to a speed I didn't know possible. 

I saw my starter Pokémon PoopyButt staring at me through the crack in his Pokéball, back-lit by a flame within. He had tried to use Ember, a fire type attack, to save me! But apparently, most of the blast had stayed within the ball, and only a small burst had hit the attacker. 

PoopyButt stared, his eye swelling with tears, as he was engulfed in his own flame. 

I screamed with every last ounce of energy I had left. The Rattata was dead, smoldering while still clamped to my hand and the metal ball beneath. My hand and arm were blackened from burns, the skin cracking and flaking off like a Butterfree's sleep powder falling in the wind. I collapsed in the path, falling down in my own blood. The last thing I saw was the melting ruins of PoopyButt's Pokéball, and the glowing flames that were engulfing the trees behind it. 

r/SlightlyColdStories for a cheerful palate cleanser. This one made me sad.