It's amazing how quickly they forget the name they'd originally given me.  


I had thought that, when things were quiet I could finally take a break. I could let down the cowl, pack up the boots, and call it a career. Find a place somewhere quiet, some place that didn't know and didn't care that the World's Greatest had retired there. I'd thought that maybe, in all of my years wearing disguise and constantly moving at unsettling fractions of light speed, that no one would recognize me like this.  


Silly me. The internet and world governments are quite alike in one area--they're nothing if not obsessive. Apparently some combination of my jawline, my posture, and that thing I do with my middle and ring finger end up being 'very distinctive,' and someone figured out that I'd picked a tiny former mining town to 'walk into' and start serving drinks to backpackers.  


I *wish* it had started small, but no. The first night after I'd been made, someone decided the best response was to send in the big guns. Rather literally. I know a Centurion when I hear one. Or in this case, several. How they got that many of these things onto the salt flats is anyone's guess. It was right about 1:30 in the morning when they broke the 3 kilometer mark, and about 1:31 when someone decided to press the Big Red Button.  


Have you ever heard a 105-millimeter cannon firing? It's impressive. Almost marvelous in how it both cracks like a small-caliber round and booms like thunder. Now imagine a whole platoon of those firing.  


The first volley of shells had made it to around 1500 meters when they abruptly halted. I've seen it thousands of times, but everyone always stares when it happens. 1% of the time, that encourages people to recognize their limits and stop. 99% of the time, someone is foolish enough to treat it as a fluke rather than as evidence, and shoots again.  


I'll leave you to imagine which group the tank commander present and his chain of command fell into.  


It went on for a while. They even added their co-axial and top mounted machine guns to the mess. I'm quite sure everyone else had long since thought the world was ending and had fled west with all due haste. At this point I had collected well over two hundred tank shells and several thousand 7.62 rounds, all afloat in the same very deadly cloud of ordnance.  


Leaving the house to check on things just invited more pops and chatters of gunfire--5.56 this time, infantry scale. Those too joined the amorphous mass of metal hanging suspended in the air. I could hear tactical phrases being shouted by the increasingly confused, increasingly disheartened men huddled around the tanks.  


"Mag empty, reloading!"  


"Maintain suppressing fire!"  


"Misfeed! Jam, Jam!"  


"Weapon malfunction! Cannot clear!"  


"Misfire!"  


I wondered if they'd realized what was happening by that point. Statistically, the only reason for to be that many malfunctions would be some type of sabotage action or a catastrophic manufacturing flaw.  


Or, perhaps, for a fundamental force of nature to upset the series of finely tuned, millimeter-precise mechanical actions required to operate a firearm.  


It was a strange sensation, walking out into the chaos wearing nothing more than skivvies and flip-flops. Usually I'd have my good suit on, but... well, look what good that had gotten me. The shouting continued.  


"Target spotted! All available units engage!"  


"No ammo!"  


"Misfire!"  


"Weapon malfunction!"  


"Engage!"  


I shouldn't have sighed as loud as I did, as I'm sure some of those boys must've thought they were staring down a tornado. But, as with everything, I had to face this. I resisted the urge to cup my hands around my mouth to be heard... that reflex would've probably ruptured some eardrums.  


"Gentlemen, presuming any are present." My words cut through the din like a hot wire through plastic, instantly bringing stillness to the very one-sided battlefield. "Could you kindly please stop that. It is 2 in the morning, and some of us have work tomorrow."  


I couldn't see their faces in the dark, but I like to imagine their expressions might've been.  


"As you can see, there is a very dangerous ball of stuff in front of us. I am going to move this to one side. Please send someone to clean it up tomorrow."  


True to my word, the cloud of metal and shells went off to one side, well away from either the assaulting force or the various bits of trailers and clapboard behind me. I had just about moved it out of the way when there was a sudden little 'pop' and a stray 9mm round zipped through the air, coming to a halt at the same 1500-meter mark. Just as with all the rest, it stopped, then seemed to sheepishly follow after with the much more impressive collection of munitions being set aside.  


I heard a gloved hand slapping the back of a kevlar helmet.  


Approaching the detachment of men and vehicles, I quietly flipped my field polarity. No more suspension, no more floating. No, now it was time for everyone to sit down. I could see in the distance several of the men valiantly struggling to stay on their feet. Most came down roughly instead. The tanks' main guns lowered down over their glacis, turrets failing to traverse despite their best efforts. They had the good grace to look chastised.  


Standing before the awed men of the platoon, I'd almost wished I was wearing something a bit more imposing... but perhaps there's something to be said for watching a man subdue tanks in his underwear.  


"Gentlemen, as you can see, this was very loud, very expensive, and very ineffective." I could already tell someone wanted to respond, but something was making them hold back. Good enough for me. "Your vehicles will remain here for you to collect them in the morning." That got a few confused looks, before they noticed the cracks forming around the treads. Several scooted out of the way as eons-dry mud flats gave way, neatly burying each vehicle about a foot straight down. Stones clogged sprockets and roadwheels as the tanks came to rest in the earth.  


Centurions could climb out of that, but not happily. Not quickly. Not without a fair bit of help.  


I brought the field in closer, allowing the men to pick themselves up, or climb out of their suddenly stranded tanks, and assess what was probably going to be a long walk back to explain themselves. I did pity them. They hadn't asked for this.   


But neither had I.  


Another soft 'ahem' brought their attention back to me. "Please inform your superiors that there are better things to waste taxpayer money on. Perhaps I'll let the Evening Post know. Between that and the stories sure to come from the citizens here, I'm sure that'll go over quite well during an election year."  


I should not have been as disappointed as I was to hear as many dawning realizations as I did that it was election season.  


Sleeping was out of the question now, but I could still do what I did best. I could tell there were plenty of people who still needed my help--those who'd fled into the flats and those who were no doubt terrified out of their minds. Hopefully seeing the World's Greatest Hero coming to their rescue might calm them down. Hopefully. I turned back for the house and my outfit... but I couldn't help a parting word over my shoulder.  


"I suggest you get back before the sun comes up. And gentlemen... when you, please remind them that they called me 'the unstoppable Gravity Man' for a *reason*."