**Warning: Cringe Attack on Titan fanfiction incoming.**

The hoe makes a *chick* noise as it digs into the soil. I swipe the sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand. The sun is high in the sky--it's almost noon. The Wall, towering above, casts a long shadow. I raise my hoe and get back to it.

The hoe makes a *chick* noise as it digs into the soil. I swipe the sweat off my forehead with the back of my hand. The sun is high in the sky--how long has it been up there? Shouldn't the sun have set a long time ago? The Wall, towering above, casts a long shadow. How long has the Wall been here again? Why does it always cast such a long shadow, even at noon?

We've always lived in these Walls. Three Walls. Our Wall is called Rose. Don't know what the other ones 'r named. We love our Rosie, yes we do. She keeps out the bad stuff, vengeful gods and demons and the spawn of hell. That's what the Church of the Wall says, but I'm not sure if I believe them. They say the outside world's a violent place, but it's real peaceful in here. They say the Walls make it that way.

I wonder who gave Rosie her name. I'm sure whoever did lived a long time ago.

'Cept here's the strange thing: our farm is new. When we came out here this soil had never been tilled, hadn't even been *walked on*, far as we could tell. All the neighbor's soil was untilled, too. Weird. If we've been livin' in these walls so long, how've we got so much unused land? More people bein' born than there are people dyin', far as I can tell. Don't that mean people're going to outgrow the walls? Ain't enough space for all of us.

"Do you ever wonder about the world outside?" My friend asked me once, years ago. Then he disappeared for a while. I didn't see him for three, four days. His wife said he was sick. A few days later he came back and kept working, fit as a fiddle, like nothing had ever happened. He must have caught that same sickness my father caught when I was younger. Back then he stayed in his room, too, for three or four days. Then he was back, and it was like it had never happened. Never mentioned it, nothin'.

I never once asked out loud about the outside world, not ever since I can remember. I just work the farm. Just work and sleep and work again.

I do sometimes feel different. Like I came from another place. Sometimes I see myself from the outside, like someone's lookin' in on me. My folks say that's something called deja vu. It was my dad that started sayin' that first. He learned about it when he lived in the city. I never did learn why he moved out here. Strange. He says he was learning all sorts of things out there, before coming out to the farm, but now he can't remember what it was he learned. A person's mind is funny like that, he says. "A person's mind is like a sieve," he always said. "It only holds on to the important stuff."

Guess that's why we're farmers. We just focus on the basics. Work and sleep and work and sleep and livin'. Just livin'.