The Star Crossed bastards were never a troop of adventurers known as the paragons of the realm. They were decent enough people, sellswords that kept completing contracts and with that their reputation grew from there. Some how, some way they got roped into completing quests of lords, kings, archmages and one time an ancient djinn. Basically shit had gotten weird. Their reputation was mixed, but never in a case did a kingdom have them as wanted criminals. Sure they were accused of being betrayers and sellouts by other factions. But the revenge from proving them wrong was oh so so sweet.

Within the last year, things had gotten…. Interesting. Some ancient lich was rising from his tomb and the understandably more famous troop of ‘*good adventurers*’ was on the job to stop her. The Star Crossed Bastards were given quests to help them out. Find this thing, help steal this thing, go and reinforce this army. Pretty straight forward quests that helped the other do the good guy stuff. They just wanted to get paid.

However things took a turn last fall. Torbyn, their fighter had assisted their rogue Piper in assassinating some orc priestess thing. In an extremely gruesome and unsavory manor. It routed the entire orc horde and once again, the Orc god gruumsh was humiliated by an elf. A common. Elf. Omens began to arrive, orc assassins became more present. Horrible nightmares and dreams were had by all- except Piper because elves didn’t sleep. Lucky bitch. But the archmage Umbra had come to warn them. Gruumsh was coming. Personally. For them. So what did the Star Crossed Bastards do? What they did best. Prepare, prepare prepare. They had until the summer to get ready.

——————————————

*8 months later*

Torbyn stood in The Valley of Gyre, his new flaming armor blazing brightly. The veins on his broadsword pulsed in tune with his own heartbeat as he surveyed field. He smiled grimly through his visor seeing the orcish runes slowly materializing in a giant gate hovering in the air.

To his side Piper appeared in a flurry of wind and leaves. Crouching to his left as she gazed upon the same gate. She wore a cloak of leaves and had her face painted in elven war paint. “Glad I’m not late.”

“I’m surprised you’re not late.” Torbyn chuckled and raised his wolf shaped visor and grab his small flask of whiskey to take a sip then passed it to Piper. She took a swig and passed it back. “Been busy?” Torbyn asked?

“Something like that.” Piper grinned and kept looking forward.

A vortex of black smoke erupted from the ground behind them, when the form of a Dragonborn emerged from the darkness followed by 12 beasts of massive size. Eldritch horrors of writhing masses and eyes calmly waited behind the one and only Zurich. The blue scales on his face were gone- well, his skin was gone. With only his skeletal head resting in his neck and vibrant green eyes glowing in the orbital socket. Beside him coughing, was Blainey. The almost always dirty gnomish tinkerer stepped from the smoke also followed by his own creatures.

Canons on legs, walking artillery, gun-copters and a school of little bombs on legs marched adorably like ducks behind them mother. The artillery pieces hummed with magical energy and runes that seemed to flicker with *mostly* stable magics, obviously not his doing.

“Well well, you really did it. You actually reached out to the other side?” Piper smiled to her sorcerer companion as he stepped forward, with his hands folded over one another.

“Yes.” His voice emanated from his skull, but his jaw never moved. “My patron was enthused to see how far a mortal could be pushed to handle their gift. And as I predicted. I was successful.” Zurich reached to pull down the collar of his robe to show the top portion of his chest. With a green glow, where his heart should be was a different heart thumping away. “I ran into Blainey along the way and offered him a lift.” The not entirely undead sorcerer gestured to the gnome who was busy organizing his little units into battle positions.

“That only leaves one.” Torbyn commented when a droning sound burst from the sky. The party turned to the hate that had been completed and solidified into a circle of bright light, at first white- then red when Grundy himself. God of the orcs himself had crossed the planes and was now here. What they weren’t expecting was a flood of orcs to follow. Orcs they had never seen before. But still no Hymler.

“So- you wanna live forever?” Torbyn smirked to his friends who grinned back and turned to face their imminent doom. When thunder struck from the sky and storm clouds had formed out of nowhere. The sky darkened, when a bolt of lightning flew through the air and abruptly ended showing a shirtless, heavily tattooed barbarian with wings of lightning, followed by a group of valkyries falling from the heavens.

“NÖCH VALHALLA~!!!” He roared as a full blown lightning storm erupted over the horde of orcs rushing across the battlefield. Disintegrating swaths of warriors while the bolts of lightning scoured the land, burning and scarring the terrain.

“Holy shit Hymler.” Piper looked on in disbelief, but turned herself into a zephyr of leaves and moved in while the rest of the Star Crossed Bastards defied a god.