"I'm  not leaving." I sat down, arms crossed over my body. The angel, —no longer in their most unnerving form of spinning eyes,— sat down across from me. They looked exasperated.  
"Despite my best efforts, I've lost count of how many times-"  
"349." I interrupted. I hadn't lost count. The angel got up — they seemed to have difficulty sitting still— and began pacing.   
"This is nonsense, this place is obviously dangerous and horrible. Why do you want to stay?" They asked, gesturing around them.   
"Because. It's my home." I said. They stopped in their tracks, staring at me. It was hard to tell if they were annoyed or incredulous. Probably both. We stayed that way for a few minutes, the angel obviously searching for words.   
"You've died 349 times. Here. And you still call it home?" The tone suggested that the angel was questioning my sanity. Perhaps they had a right to. They had been with me since the beginning.   
"What else would you call the place you live in? That you love, and that you feel most comfortable in? That holds all the people you care about, and who care about you?" My voice cracked a little on the last few words. In my last death, I had lost one of those people. Scrubbing a hand over their face, the angel once again plopped down.   
"I wasn't asking for your definition of the word home. I just don't understand why it has to be here. Why not anywhere else? I've been given permission to take you anywhere you like. Instantly, with no lasting repercussions."   
"Anywhere?" I asked, knowing that one word would give the angel hope. Sure enough, they sat up straighter, eyes fixing on mine. I pretended to think. "Well, I quite like that hill over there, been trying to get there for a while...." Trailing off, I watched as the angel slumped. They were a bit predictable.   
"Look. I like it here. And I've told you before. You don't have to stay. I know it would probably be a better mark on your record if you left." The angel was shaking their head before I finished the sentence.   
"It's my job to guard you. That's what I am, and even if you choose to live here," they shuddered. "Then that's what I'm going to do."   
I rose, dusting off my linen pants. The landscape around me, painted in tones of red, orange, yellow and black shifted in the edges of my vision. Holding out a hand to the angel, I smiled.   
"Well then. Let's get wandering. There's a lot of ground to cover before we can rest." Taking my hand the angel rose, starting to shimmer into their terrifying form. I began walking, knowing they'd catch up. Being sent here might have been a clerical error when I first had a near-death experience. But I hadn't been lying. It was my home. A slight hissing noise came from behind me. My guardian angel had caught up, and travelling together, we began our endless journey across Hell. My home.