When I married my husband, I was an aspiring author and he was a programmer.
We worked well together.
He was calculative and I was creative.
In the first few years of marriage, I spent the majority of my time writing while he was at work.

I would also do the most of the chores like cooking, cleaning, tending to the yard -- basically anything that would get in the way of us spending time together when he got home.
At first, he complained, saying, "It's not fair for you to do all the work! At least leave some dishes for me!"

But I would always reply, "It's only fair. I'm here all day and you are out. If you were here, you would do the same."

He would then hug me and kiss the nape of my neck, saying, "Thanks."

The problem is that as time moved forward, he would spend longer and longer at the office, sometimes skipping dinner entirely.
Then came the "guys nights" where he would stagger into the house reeking of alcohol if he came home at all.
At some point, it felt like we weren't able to spend any time together.
Worse, as I started spending time with my own friends, he would get frustrated with me and convince me to stay home.

I felt trapped.
Lonely.
Afraid of what was to come in my life... of what my life had become.

I channeled all that energy into my writing and finally finished my first novel and even landed an agent.
Though I was excited, I could tell that this disturbed my husband, and as I was e-mailing my agent one evening, he asked, "Who is more important? Me or your agent? Why are you spending so much time with him anyway?"

"*Her*." I corrected. "My agent is a woman..." 

"Right, I am sure." He scoffed. It took a moment for this reaction to process. Did he think I was *cheating* on him?

Cautious, I asked, "What do you mean by that?"

He sighed, "Nothing."

I tried to ignore it and put on a more pleasant tone, "Look. This is good! If things go well, this could be the start of my career as an author!"

For some reason, he didn't say a word after that. I didn't either. After that night our relationship was fundamentally broken. I made his favorite foods, but he wouldn't eat my cooking anymore. I suggested therapy, but he wouldn't go.

A few months later, I found out that his "guys nights" were not with guys at all, but instead with a very particular girl.
He had been cheating on me.

In complete shock, I took a suitcase of clothes with me and moved back in with my mother.
Honestly, I couldn't focus on anything at all for months and told my agent to put my book on hold.

I had nothing.
No money.
No job.
No friends.
Nothing.

It felt harder and harder to get out of bed every day, but I managed to slowly build a routine.
Get up. Work out. Write a bit. Make dinner. Sleep.
At first, every small task was a mountain, but they felt easier the more I climbed.

Finally, after a lot of hard emotional work I convinced myself to approach my husband and ask for a divorce.
I needed to start building my life back and this was the first real step.
I checked my messages and realized he had not tried to contact me once, so I sent him a text, "I will be coming to collect the rest of my things tonight."

Immediately, he responded, "Ok." No apology. To be honest, I didn't expect an apology.

As I drove through familiar roads, my mind was wandering, wondering what I would say -- what *he* would say.
Should I have brought a friend in case things got violent? No, he's not a violent person. Well, maybe he is. I didn't think he was a cheater either.

I found myself on a two-lane road just before an intersection with a crosswalk.
The light turned red suddenly, indicating that a pedestrian was about to cross the road, so I slowed myself to a stop, waving the young man along.
He was a bit short, had dark, shaggy hair, and was wearing a school uniform.
I found that odd as none of the schools around required uniforms and ended up watching as he crossed the street.

I then looked up and saw a large truck oncoming.
It was clearly moving too fast and had no time to stop.
The kid was about to die.

Without a second thought, I pushed the peddle to the floor and lunged my car into the intersection to protect him.
A split-second later I heard a crunch and that was it.
No pain.
Just darkness.

I would never even know if I had protected the kid.
I would never get the chance to see what my cheating husband would do.
I would never be able to restart my life.

I was gone.
No money.
No job.
No friends.

Well, at least people wouldn't mind that I was gone.
If I did save the kid, he would have a bright future ahead of him.
Much brighter than mine, anyway.

I took a deep breath, content that even if my life was a wreck, I did the right thing in the end.

Then it hit me, I was breathing.

I opened my eyes to a picturesque landscape: a field of tall grass waving in a gentle breeze.
The sky was a deep blue and I saw a few white houses dotted along the horizon.
I leaned my head against the trunk of a tree and stared into space, unsure of how to process the world I ended up in.

At some point, I rubbed my temples and realized I was wearing an odd arm-guard.
I then looked around and found a bow with a quiver full of arrows.
I quickly stood and started patting myself down.
I was in an old-fashioned skirt with a leather vest and had a small knapsack.

When I looked inside, it was too dark to see anything, so I shoved my hand in to see if there was anything inside and to my surprise, my entire arm fit.
I felt something running along my fingers and grabbed it, pulling out a book entitled, *Your Second Chance*. No author.

I then heard a small rustling behind me and saw the grass fanning out, as if an animal were moving through it.
I cautiously raised my voice, "Hello?"

The movement stopped suddenly and after a second or two, made a beeline towards my direction.
Scared, I grabbed an arrow and swung it like a sword, shouting, "Stay back!"

"Wait. Wait." I heard a feminine voice respond, "I am not here to hurt you. I just didn't expect to see anyone else out here."

I took a deep breath and asked, "Who are you?"

"I'm a friend." She said before popping her head up.
She had fair skin and was waving her hands about, motioning for me to lower my arrow.
She had dark green hair that stuck up a bit on the sides in a way that resembled the ears of a cat.
As she walked closer, I started to notice she was only wearing underwear.
Well, that and a cat tail for some reason.
It was weird, but weird things are not always bad.
It was good thing we were both women, otherwise, she might have been a bit embarrassed to be seen.

No matter the case, I awkwardly put the arrow back in the quiver and waved my hands apologetically, "Sorry. I just don't know how I got here and am a bit confused."

"No worries. I can help."

Somehow, her words were comforting.
I felt a wave of relief wash over me.
I didn't know where I was or how I got there, but I knew I had a second chance and that was good enough for me.
Whatever this new world was, I would make the most of it.