I did this a while ago in another subreddit. Original here: https://www.reddit.com/r/AmITheAngel/comments/qpplvl/aita\_for\_tracking\_down\_my\_stepdaughter\_and/ 

Copy/pasting it here: 

**AITA for tracking down my stepdaughter and expecting her to come home? (edited with update)**

I (42F) am the sole legal guardian of my step-daughter “Blanche” (15F). Her mother died when Blanche was just a baby and unfortunately her father died not long after I married him five years ago. She has no other family, so I stepped up. Blanche’s father was very wealthy and I inherited everything, including his successful business which I now run, so supporting her hasn’t been a financial burden at all.  
  
We’ve mostly gotten along, but then puberty hit and she’s gone through a lot of typical teen-girl moodiness. Recently, Blanche’s obsession has been “rescuing” wild animals and bringing them indoors. First it was a baby bird, but then it was some chipmunks and some squirrels and then some rabbits. I kept telling her it was unsanitary and she’s going to get fleas or Lyme disease or something, but she kept bringing home these stupid animals and said that they were her “friends”.  
  
The last straw though was an actual deer! I have no idea how she managed to lure it indoors, but she did. Not only did the deer’s hooves put permanent dents in the hardwood floors, but it literally shit all over the front hallway. Blanche’s late father left us a huge home with an actual household staff, but my staff is not paid enough to have to deal with deer shit!  
  
I ordered her to clean up the hallway, and when she refused, I said that she wasn’t getting dinner until the manure was cleaned up. She told me that I was a bitch who was just jealous that her boobs were already bigger than mine and locked herself in her bedroom. Whatever.  
  
After my own dinner, I went to check on her, and she was actually gone, along with all of her animal “friends”. I figured she’d be back soon, but she didn’t come back that night or the next day.  
  
I contacted the authorities and they were no help at all. Eventually I hired a private detective who managed to track her down. He found her shacked up in a remote cabin with seven adult male roommates who are all either brothers or lovers or maybe (ugh!) both?! Anyway, all seven of the brother/lovers sleep together in one bedroom and make Blanche cook and clean all day while they are at work. But since the animal “friends” are still with her, it is less “cleaning” and more “spreading feathers and fur and rodent droppings just fucking everywhere.”  
  
WIBTA if I ordered her to come home? At the very least I want to bring her some healthy food; the only thing she knows how to “cook” is boxed mac &amp; cheese.  
  
**Update:** Thanks to all the commenters for all the great advice! I’ve done my best and some of the things you all have said have been really helpful, but things have just gone to complete shit. I did take Blanche some food and tried to convince her to come home. She ended up fainting and hitting head and I had to call 911 and she was taken to the hospital. While she was there some random dude (20s?) went into her room and I caught him kissing her when she was asleep. He said he only did it because he “thought she was dead” and how the actual fuck does that make the situation any better?!  
  
I made a scene and somehow ended up being the one kicked out of the hospital. Now I find out that the creepy necrophiliac dude is engaged to Blanche and is helping her with legal emancipation so that she wouldn't need my permission to get married. I think they want to move back in with those seven brother/lover freaks in some kind of horrible *ménage à neuf* or something. He also turns out to be surprisingly well-known in our community and everyone I know is turning against me and blowing up my phone calling me an “evil witch” and stuff.  
  
I’m done with the whole situation - Blanche can be emancipated if she wants and I’m going to embrace a childfree lifestyle. Maybe I’ll take a leave of absence from work for a while and just chill at my summer cottage (a cute little gingerbread-style place in a very remote wooded area) and hopefully I won’t have to deal with any more hideous crotchfruit ever again! Thanks again for all your advice.