Edit: I realize I completely skipped the blind part so this is more of a support dog type thing but its on the internet now so...

Today your arms feel especially stiff and hard to move as you get out of bed. You'll need to rely on Brent more today. Why did you name him Brent anyway? It seems like a strange name for a pet, but then you remember just how strange life has gotten. 

Things have gotten pretty expensive lately, with food prices increases, even though most of what you buy is dry and not very good tasting. You had to switch your diet from anything warm and wet because of the growing cost. What a strange way to describe food.

Brent has been going through more and more clothes every month. They've been wearing out faster and faster because you've had to walk more often than drive. You never pictured being the person to clothe your pet, but it became necessary when Brent kept getting scraped up by the pavement. 

Brent's mostly potato diet was probably the least expensive part of your day. You think potatoes a weird diet for a pet but it works. Occasionally you'll splurge and get some meat as a treat for him. Some days he eats better than you.

For some reason you haven't seen Brent today. Where has he been hiding this morning? He's usually excited, waiting right next to the bed and wiggling his butt when he sees your eyes open.

"Breeennt", you call out. You hear some scrambling and movement and within a few seconds you catch sight of something moving toward you. But its not what you're expecting. Its mostly hair less and pink. It crawls toward you kn hands and...knees? 

Suddenly you're terrified. Who is this in your house? What do they want? Are you about to die? You scream in terror, "Noooo", but it comes out as a loud, high pitched howl. The person in front of you recoils in fear and confusion. 

"What's wrong?" They ask in their confusion, but it sounds like nonsense, gibberish. 

You try to ask yourself what's going on aloud, but it just comes out as barks. And now you're panicking, completely disoriented and unsure of anything. You sprint to the bathroom and look up in the mirror and see...fur? A long snout? Floppy golden ears. Jowls hanging slightly loose around your mouth. 

Oh yeah...dogs are the dominant species in this universe. Silly you. You forgot that you keep humans as pets here. Must be the cross dimensional bledding that happens occasionally.