Lucas threw his head back, unable to contain his laughter anyway more. Wine dripped down his new shirt, staining the white a deep red. The benches of the hall were all filled to the brim, filled with the victorious. A great fire blazed on the far wall of where Lucas sat. Torches lined every side of the hall, filling the air with a smoky scent, not unlike the battlefield they had been on that morning. 

Servants, Fafnir losers from that day's battle, took the hundreds of plates that covered the benches away. *Terrible food anyway. Fafnir’s can’t cook for shit.* Small, black humanoids, the Fafnir had been waging a war against the Kobold’s for centuries. Finally, though, Lucas and his men had ended it. The Fafnir’s had found it difficult to deal with their explosive expertise since they never experienced anything similar. The Kobolds had described it as ‘game changing’. Now, the feast they had been longing for was well underway all around him. The eyes of the other men of his unit were still on him, all smiling, ready for the punchline.

“And then she says, she says, ‘But I don’t know how to drive stick!’” Lucas ended, his voice already cracking with laughter. Another roar of laughter rang throughout the hall, drawing the eyes of the other races. A Kobold, tall and blue, who had been walking by sneered at where the humans sat before returning to their seats. Lucas ignored it. 

“Jesus,” Colin muttered, putting down his goblet. “You’d think after we basically won them their war they’d appreciate us a little more. Stopping with the awful looks at least.” The men went silent, some shaking their heads in disbelief.

“You know how the Kobold are,” Lucas answered, hoping to avoid this conversation again. “Narrow-minded. They spent their young years in caves, hiding from the Fafnir’s armies. And we don’t exactly look like saviours. At least not to them.” It was true. For years they had thought that the aliens would look more like E.T with their big heads and little bodies. They couldn’t have been more wrong. Tall and blue, the Kobolds were all navy blue while the smallest might be around six feet. Their eyes were tiny compared to the rest of them. More like little black dots than anything else. From the Kobold’s perspective, Lucas quickly realised humans were disgusting to look at. *Though I never found out exactly why.*

“I know,” Colin muttered, running a hand through his hair. “And I know I shouldn’t care but fuck it. It’s done. We won. Now to celebrate.”

Just then, a Kobold Lucas recognised as General Bubac stood at the top of the room, his spoon tapping his goblet. Not a real General, Bubac had been the human’s pointman throughout the war and the men had gotten to know him quite well. Silence filled the hall, as the near eight-foot alien, standing on the steps in front of the fire, began to speak.

“My friends,” he started, lifting his glass in the air. “We have won!”. A polite round of applause followed from the Kobold benches while a thunderous rang out from the humans. Lucas banging on the wood roared his approval. 

“Yes, yes, yes. We have won,” Bubac smiled, his sharp pointed teeth glistening in the light of the fire. “A long-fought victory but here we stand. They said the old Elder’s on the council that we should have sued for peace.” The Kobold hurled a curse or two at the thought of peace. “But we pushed on. We ignored those we didn’t want the best for us. Those same people said that the humans couldn’t be trusted! Said they were money-hungry, too infatuated with their explosive. That they’d betrayed as soon as they got the chance. Needless to say, they were very very wrong indeed!” The biggest roar yet rang out through the smoky hall. Embarrassed Kobold’s looked on as some of the humans jumped on the benches, throwing their wine all around them. Quickly, quiet settled back over the hall once more, Bubac smiled down at them, still holding his goblet high.

“So my friends,” he said, looking all around the hall. “Please join me in a toast. To the Kobold, the humans and most of all…TO VICTORY!” More shouts could be heard as every man and alien in the room down their glass, each turning for more before sitting back down. Lucas, about to turn and make a joke of Colin who sat to his left, felt his stomach drop. General Bubac had fallen, his empty goblet bouncing off each step as he tumbled down the steps after it. Every Kobold had risen to their feet, surrounding their leader. 

“What the hell happened?” Colin asked, looking around at the other men for answers they didn’t have. “Did he fall?” The Kobolds, panicking, fell over one another, as they tried to push closer to Bubac. Then, one Kobold, a short one by their standards, turned, glaring at Lucas and his men. Then a second. Then a third. Lucas stood and so did his men. Finally, one Kobold stood out from the crowd, his black eyes already filled with tears.

“Don’t let the humans leave,” he ordered, as dozens of Kobolds made their way to the human benches. “One of them murdered Bubac!”