Amanda Ross had never lost a target. That's why the government of the United States trusted her with every unmanageable, unethical, and undoable task. The FBI had recently noticed a trend of activity in a major metropolitan. Otherwise uninteresting, this city had a crime rate well below the national average. What was even more disturbing was the sightings of a vigilante at every major crime scene. The FBI were quick to warn their brother agencies and that is how one Amanda Ross was given the task of 'losing' this particular individual who'd made clear that laws weren't needed when any well-meaning individual could take up arms. Those in power could not tolerate such a slap in the face of their policies and making a joke of their police forces. Amanda had no interest in politics but she knew how to get things done, so when this seemingly impossible case came to her lap, she dispatched her people and put a tail on every journalist and beat cop in the area. They were the most likely to become aware of crime AND show up to the scene the quickest. Either they'd seen this guy themselves or they were working with him. In particular, a bland looking Clark Kent character, who seemingly reminded her of every white guy she'd ever seen. 

As the crime rate continued to plummet, the public was growing more excited. If this level of crime was possible, then there would be no reason to fear anything and America would become a veritable utopia. But that couldn't be made to happen, Amanda thought to herself. After several attempts of tailing Clark Kent, she came to the conclusion that there was something altogether abnormal about this guy. He seemed to disappear every time a tail found him. He didn't use transportation, so no car, bus, or train could be used to follow him. So she had to change tactics. There would be posted sentries all over the city along with new cctv setup at every corner. If this guy so much as breathed, she would have it on record. No more telecommunication as well, only texted entries on a secure server. She'd even re-called a special agent of hers, one who couldn't miss should they have the opportunity. But even that soon proved impossible. This Clark Kent guy seemed impossible to trace. When her normal methods of extraction didn't work, she aimed for execution.

Deadshot was dead asleep when his phone started ringing. 2 am. When he saw the caller ID, he knew it was just to piss him off. He didn't answer and soundly went back to sleep. He knew she'd get back at him later, but he'd rather deal with her while fully alert and not sleep-deprived as prior interactions had confirmed. 

"We need you to pacify a target," she said, looking at him from across the bars. "If you'd just answered my call, we'd be done with this already."

She looked tired and worn out. She must be desperate, but so was he. "And you thought having me arrested while I was at work was the way to ask for a favor?"

"I had an unconventional childhood," she chimed back. "Here's a folder with all the details. They'll release you shortly. Have this done by the end of the day.  I've lost enough sleep over this." She left him standing there, but a deputy came ambling in soon after and let him out. Seemed routine for him.

Deadshot always had his gear prepared and this served him well especially when he was dealing with the government. The shorter their entanglement, the better for him. They always found him another project when reminded how efficient he was. But the deal he'd made a year ago had dissolved any such orders. Now, it was just requests in the form of one heinous viper. She'd one this before, but one of these days, she'd be his target.

Determined to make this quick, he found a comfortable location where the target would be in sight and waited. Less than an hour later, a tall bespectacled guy walked out of the building and without so much as a glance to confirm, he already knew, he let the bullet fly. It came out like a whisper, in search of a true love, and before he could blink again, found it's mark in the heart of one Clark Kent. He collapsed. Deadshot began packing his equipment. He put a call in and confirmed the kill with a few added expletives for Amanda's auditory pleasure should she ever try to corner him again. The sounds of people's shouts could be heard over the wind and he walked away, back to obscurity and the promise of a good night's sleep. He

But he didn't notice the dark figure observing him in silence as he took the steps down two at a time.

Amanda had never failed to deliver and yet she had. Two more attempts to kill him had failed and she'd finally let Deadshot retire in peace again. Each time he sniped him, Clark Kent would collapse and then a swarm of humanity reacting in chaos would somehow obscure his escape. She had to assume, if the aim of each bullet was true, then the only thing left was that he couldn't die. Some super power or form of immortality. If she couldn't kill him, she needed to use him. She needed leverage and fast.