Nobbins was one of the more simple creatures in Hell. He never did anything particularly bad per say in life, but he did accidentally piss off a priest and ended up there. And because of that, Nobbins really did not fit in whatsoever. He took to a bit of petty theft in the underworld, but that was nothing in a land of psychopaths and serial killers. With all of this there isn’t really a need to say it, but Nobbins wasn’t very happy in the situation that presented itself. He was constantly harassed for his small stature and lack of violent taste and was always undermined when it came to societal things. 

However, Nobbins was smart enough to make use of this.

Within a year of entering the literal hellhole Nobbins was able to work himself into the staff of the Evil Lord himself. The pay was pretty good and he was even able to get an apartment in the palace. All he had to deal with was the malicious and rude devils in there which was completely fine with him.

Whenever there was a violent monster that entered, the little pipsqueak was the one thrown at it. Was there a dinner party with the wicked witches that needed someone to wait for? Go get that minion. Was there a clogged toilet? “NOBBINS!” He was always sat on, but that was good with him since he knew how good his place was.

That was until a small message popped up on his phone from a name that was eerily familiar to him. “hey nobby its ur mum. i saw u landed a gud job with the big cheese. nice job dood! a small bird told me if you slipped a pill in satan’s coffee cup we could probs take over. luv u!!! c u soon!” Nobbins had not heard from his mother since he died, and missed her dearly. He was scared of disappointing her, but doubted her plan.

“poison the lord? he would never approve of that! u no that!” Nobbins replied, scared for his mother’s sanity.

“now now my little nobby. u wouldnt want 2 disappoint ur poor old mummy would u? do it tomorrow at the party and we’ll take over by tuesday”

“how do u no about the party?” He immediately responded confused. There was going to be a secret meeting tomorrow to discuss the invasion of Helheim and Hades, how did his mother know about that?

“o dont worry nobbins ur mum has just made some new friends. just do it and ill c u soon gn!” And with that, poor little overlooked Nobbins was now in an assassination plot.

The next day he snuck off the property and casually bought some over the counter poison from the corner store. The clerk looked at him suspiciously as the only thing he ever bought there was sodas and toilet paper, but shrugged it off. Later that night he slipped a few into the wine glasses for the guests. He figured it’d be better to knock off everyone there rather than just Satan since they’d probably want the seat too and he wasn’t having that.

The party was supposedly going pretty well as Nobbins was always hearing laughter as he walked in and out of the kitchen. However one after another of the advisors there were slowly “falling asleep” at the table. 

Finally at the end of the night the lord got up and stopped Nobbins as he was cleaning up the plates at the table.“Nobbins my boy, was this you?” The small servant looked up innocently at the corpses at the table. 

“Was what me, sir?” Satan immediately saw through it.

“Nobbins this is the most pathetic assassination attempt I’ve ever seen. Who told you to do this and where did you get this lousy poison? If you really think you can kill me with this shoddy stuff, I'm honestly worried about my public image.” The devil sighed and put his arm around Nobbins.

“Err it was me mum sir.” He replied, shaking in fear.

“After a quick trip to the dungeons, I’m going to need you to find me some new advisors, ok Nobbins?”

“Yes sir!” The servant replied readily.

The plot failing was a bit of a disappointment to Nobbins, and especially his mother, but he did not care very much. For now, Nobbins was the number two in Hell.