I opened the door with bombastic aplomb, my cape without a singular hole in it.

"Hey hun, you will *not* believe the day I had at work." I laughed to myself, as I hung up my cape, undid my beautiful hairdo, and entered the kitchen for the first time since that morning. My wife, Lucy, was sitting down on her phone in her reclining chair, playing what I could only assume was Candy Crush, or that new game Wordle. She'd gotten the last five daily ones in a row, and had been texting me how she did each day. The smell of homemade pizza was in the oven, and the whole house was clean. I loved having an enchanted house.

I sat down in my reclining chair, right next to Lucy, as she looked up to give me a peck on the cheek.

"How was it, babes? Did you finally get to fire that little schemer Howitzer?"

"No, it was better."

Lucy's eyes illuminated, as the ideas of what could have happened popped through her head. She'd helped me with my schemes, after all, and was a powerful witch in her own right, stronger in support magic than I was in summoning or evocation magic.

"Oooh, did the king finally surrender under threat of annihilation? I told you he would!" She jumped out of her seat, just as eager  as I felt.

"No, but you're getting closer."

"Is the ultimate weapon ready?"

"In about 3 days."

"What about the key to immortality?"

"Nope, still just unkillable by man."

"Wait, did you... no way, did you figure out how to deal with the Hero, finally?"

She had went through all the stuff I usually complain about, and ended on my biggest gripe I'd had with work- that damn Hero.

I gave a cheeky grin, and she blew up.

"No *way*! They've been a thorn in your side for at least a decade now, right? Not even I could have worked out how to deal with them! So, what was it? How are we finally gonna deal with that dragonoid prick?"

I started giggling, as the house magically pulled the pepperoni pizza out of our over. "Well, it was easier than you think."

Lucy frowned, grabbing a slice of pizza as it magically floated on a plate between us. "So, what was it? A curse? Did you separate the link between them and that pesky goddess?"

I smiled. "Nope. As it turns out, they weren't a problem at all."

Lucy's mouth dropped. "Nuh uh. Were they just overhyped?"

"Well, they made it easy on me. They stormed my castle right at dawn-"

"Easy mistake." Lucy interrupted me.

"- with their party by their side, who Howtizer disposed of properly, for once. So they confront me, and what do I do? I give my regular speech, about how no man can kill me, I'll take over their kingdom in no time once they're gone, all that dumb jazz. and then they do what could have the one thing that could have made it easier on me."

"Don't tell me they talked about friendship."

"Oh, even better. They take off their hair, and say "*I'm no man, I'm a woman!*" and charge me with that dumb sword. Like my enchantment was sexist or something."

Lucy toppled over laughing, some of the grease sliding off her pizza slice. "Wait, so they thought that because they were a *woman*, that they could take down the one person who couldn't be killed by human hands?"

I could barely keep myself from smiling. "I *think so*, which has to be the worst read on a prophecy I've ever seen."

"Wait, so what was all that dragonborn stuff we saw earlier on? Were they just under an illusion spell, or something?" Lucy asked me.

I reached into pocket, and pulled out the set of dragonborn armor the Heroine had been wearing when I disintegrated her mortal form. I smiled, and waved them around a bit. "Well, why don't we figure that out ourselves?" I smiled.

Lucy gave an excited squeak, and looked the armor over. "No *way*! How did they get their hands on this many scales from the same dragon?"

I shrugged. "I don't know, but however they did, they were kind enough to give them to me as a *parting gift*, and I decided that you might as well have it, since from what I can tell, it's enchanted to fit the form of the wearer. You love dragons, either way."

Lucy smiled. "Oh my gosh, Lorie and Carla will be *so* excited when I show up in this at cards this Thursday! Though Carla's an Ice Dragon, so it may actually rile her up a little bit." Lucy commented, looking the armor over.

"Well, either way, I thought it would be a great gift. Do you like it, Lulu?" I got up out of my chair, and grabbed a slice of pizza myself. As I did, the rest of the pizza flew over to the counter, and the dirty dishes started cleaning themselves. It was nice to live in an enchanted house.

"Do I *like* it? Marky, I *love* it!" She squealed, before giving me a quick kiss on the lips. "Let me put it on."

I smiled, as Lucy ran towards the stairs. Her real name was Lucindra III, and my real name was Malacith the Unholy, but Lucy and Mark just rolled off the tongue better, and we liked to pretend we were normal sometimes.

I heard Lucy giggling to herself as I took my slice of pizza over to the living room, as the TV turned on to the already going baseball game. The Harland Fireballers were trailing the Melromark Marshalls 4 to 6 in the 5th, but with a runner on 2nd and 3rd, and their notoriously hard hitting 6th, 7th, and 8th slot batters coming up with no outs so far, that was sure to change soon.

The TV flipped off by psychic command as I heard steps coming down the stairs. Again, thanks to a magical house, Lucy had changed shockingly quickly. Out of her normal lounging outfit, I heard the sound of high heels clicking down the stairs, and as she came down the hallway, she was truly a sight to behold.

**-Part One of Two-**