In disbelieve, I had been staring at it for a while now. 

After I got home, the dog greeted me excitedly like always. Max came running up to me, as I bent down on one knee, arms wide open. Usually he would show some sort of restraint. I mean, as much restraint as a scruffy Sheperd could muster. This time however, Max leapt with such force that I tumbled over. "Silly dog" I said, while scratching his head. Laying on the ground, I noticed an envelope that Max was now standing on top of. It was golden, lined with a flawless pattern along the rim. "Come on Max, let's get you a treat" is what I said to get him to move away from the mail stack. 

I grabbed the envelope, gave Max a treat, and got a letter opener from the kitchen drawer. With one precise cut, I freed the letter from its cage. The letter had no creases to my surprise. Thinking of it, nor did the envelope. Eventhough it had just succumbed to a fourth of Max's weight. Shrugging it off as a coincidence, my eyes started to wander through the text. It read.

"Dear Mr. Gonzales" -Which was the surname of the woman I bought the place from. She told me she had inherited the place from her dad, but could not stay since she had moved across country for work.- "It is not everyday that we get to congratulate one of our readers. At Gins &amp; Nobles we take great pride in our prestigious brews. So much so, that only one extra divine bottle is sent out to a single reader each year. However, we can not grant just anyone this very special elixer. That is why we ask of you to fill out this application of immortality. If your answers suits us, you will receive the promised flask in no time!"

Application... of.... Immortality. I read it again and again, wondering whether this was some kind of prank from my neighbours. Nonetheless, I had the day off and decided to play along. I sat down at the table and shot Max a look, who in turn came over in an instance. "Let's have a look at this together, alright bud?" He then proceeded to yawn at me, which I took as a yes.

Starting off with their first question, I began to read. "If you were immortal, like the queen of England, what would you do with that endless amount of time?" I snorted and looked at Max. "Someone is obviously having a crack at us, Maxie. Like the queen of England, they wrote. Ha." The dog tilted his head sideways, if to question whether the old bat was actually incapable of dying. "Alright boy, put those ears up again. We'll answer that I would take you to the park everyday". Max stuck his tongue out and seemed to smile. With his approval, I scribbled the thought down.

"What does the fox say?" read the following question. I cackled. This has to be Joe, I thought. Just his kind of humor. Old internet memes. "Maybe we should stop answering these questions, huh boy?" Max barked and gave me a fierce look. Somehow it gave me the feeling to keep on going. "Okay okay, we'll continue." I said. Writing down that we would have to figure that one out on our next hike.

Last bust not least, their final question stated "If a bottle of Gin could grant you immortality, would you drink it?" Not without slipping my buddy Max a sip, I wrote. Suddenly the dog was alerted and sprinted towards the front door.   

When I opened it to check outside, the only thing that stood there was a bottle which contained a clear liquid. There was a note stuck to it "share this with Max".