“Listen here you ungrateful brats!” Ruckus shouts. The crowd freezes to his command and so do I. “The Hell is wrong with you? I’m supposed to be the villain!” He tries to make himself larger than life. The man can’t be taller than 5’5, that never stopped him from being slightly more intimidating than Gloria. That’s not here, nor there.   
  
“Do you-” I try to distract him.  
  
“Wait.” He interrupts me, of course he does, he needs to have the last word. “I gotta figure shit here. Why are these excuses of people booing you?”  
  
“He destroyed my car!” Gloria shouts from the crowd.  
  
Ruckus snaps his fingers. “That was me you little shit!” I would usually rush towards any of the bystanders, but I’m tired. The ground cracks below her, a black whole swallows her. Gloria’s screams resound outwards. The crowd and I stand there waiting for a minute, she keeps screaming, no collisions or crashes, she doesn’t even seem further away. With that Ruckus became the most intimidating person in Crimson City. We also got rid of Gloria’s horrid pies. The thought of them makes me shiver. A couple of other people shake too. “Any other complains?”   
  
Most of the crowd shakes their heads, avoiding confrontation with him. Except for one Rodrigue. Of course, he wants to complain. It’s not a want, at this point it’s a need. It’s engrained in his DNA. If I wasn’t a hero in training, I would have solved it way earlier. “He slashed me!” He signals the very normal and very unscathed arm.  
  
Ruckus face looks like he will poop a vein. He is red, no one steals his thunder. Much less a group of wannabes. This time he glares at me, “You aren’t even worth my breath.”    
  
As Rodrigue opens his mouth, a wasp flies in. In that moment, his mouth disappears. I should do something, but Rodrigue was the worst. We would blame me for getting a paper cut when I was in the toilet. People I have needs! I need my time.  
  
The crowd looks horrified. A couple of them have started running. Younger kids and teens have stayed to watch the aftermath. Gloria keeps screaming, from the bottomless pit, but that’s for the better.   
  
Ruckus stares at me, his disguise is a mess. And the only other person that’s that short is Marcus. I know it’s him, and he knows I’m Ryan. Mostly because my disguise can cover my higher pitched voice and what he called laguna green eyes. The awkward teen in me stumbles upon words, “Want to go out?”  
  
His face lights up, “Finally! I did all this, so you paid attention to me!”   
  
I freeze, “What?” I’ve been crushing on him since we were sixteen. Way before I entered Hero College. My face lights up too. “You could have just told me.”  
  
He swings his leg and looks away. “With all your hero stuff, classes, and other stuff, you were never around. I…” He scratches the back of his head. “I wanted to tell you, but...”  
  
“We get it! Get a room!” One of the bystanders’ shouts.  
  
I wink at the random ruining our moment. He quivers. Stops, notices nothing happens, then electricity flies away from his body. The only reason they match me to face Ruckus is because we share powers over causality, luck, and some other stuff. Lucky Rabbit isn’t a name I’m proud of, but I’ll keep it.  
  
“Lunch at the seafood place we love?” I hold his hand.  
  
“Yes.”  
  
And that’s how Marcus and I ended up dating. Retiring from the superhero and villain show and getting that house he always wanted in Malibu. Till this day Crimson City keeps hearing Gloria's screams, no one not even us know when she will hit the end or if she will ever hit it. But apparently she became a tourist attraction and people throw her food and water. She only stops screaming when eating or drinking.