AITA for running away from my wedding with my dowry? (And potentially dooming a kingdom?)

So I (24F) have just run away from my wedding to a family friend (51M) who's basically like my uncle. And I stole all the money and gifts I could fit in my suitcase to start my new life in another country.

Long story short I'm a princess (don't look for me this is a throwaway account and I'm using a VPN) and my whole family died a few years ago in a tragic carriage accident when I was barely 18.

Obviously I was grief stricken and totally unprepared to rule so I left most of that stuff to the prime minister who's a family friend whilst I recovered and started learning all the stuff I should have paid attention to earlier. (But with 3 older brothers in line for the throne I thought I'd never need it.)

He's been doing such a good job and most people are happy with his rule however he isn't royalty and he was only supposed to be ruling until I was ready to take over. 

So at the last council meeting I tell everyone that I intend to be coronated and I'm withdrawing my earlier decree that made him the acting king. He got really huffy over that but as he has no legitimate claim to the throne he had to stand down.

To clarify: in our kingdom we have a pact with the monsterkind which basically means the monsters and other creatures from the shadow realm can't attack the humans living in our kingdom as long as they are living in cities/towns/villages protected by the blood wards. Basically one of my ancestors tricked the demon king and as long as someone of royal blood is around to refresh the wards and stuff the monsters that come out at night can't get into the protected spaces. So no matter what someone of my bloodline is needed to perform those ceremonies and if people want to make a new village or expand a city they need someone consecrated (like me) to create new wards. Long story short they can't kick me out of the kingdom or kill me or the whole kingdom will fall into the shadow realm when the wards expire every 7 years. 

Then out of nowhere he proposes marriage to me- which eww no thanks- besides I have been working really hard to learn how to rule the people properly so I can take over. But a load of ministers support the marriage as "I'm too young and naive" so I had no say in the whole affair. 

To stall the wedding I declared that I wouldn't marry him until he had paid my dowry as there's a law that lets a person set their dowry and if the terms are met the marriage is legally binding. Then I requested some pretty impossible items (A dress made of gold that rivalled the sun in its splendor, another dress made of silver that showed the moon in all it's phases, a dress that reflected the sky no matter what time of day it was, and lastly the skin of the shadown monster that killed my family in that carriage).

I hoped with the time I had bought I could find a way to take the throne back legitimately I did not expect him to actually complete the tasks (although I'm suspicious of the pelt I was brought as I don't actually know what monster killed my famiy that day).

With no other options to get out of this marriage I've decided to run away which may end up dooming my whole kingdom if I die out there but I just couldn't marry someone I didn't love. 

AITA?