Penny hit send on her post.  Her anger switched to sadness.  She was nearly alone in defending Starbolt and her declaration that she had depression, but she couldn't keep the anger going in the face of so much backlash.  Instead, she herself was starting to more viscerally understand her hero's feelings.

She stretched, and inhaled deeply.  Then her eyes snapped open as she smelled an acrid, almost ozone scent.  She had a suspicion... and turned around.

"Bestower..." she whispered.

The man behind her was sitting in his signature mode of transport - a robotic chair that he had bestowed the powers of flight ant phasing onto.  The phasing made him one of Starbolt's most problematic nemesis, but the smell of the phase transition made him obvious.

The tall pale man nodded.  He looked at Penny out of the corner of his vision, as his eyes darted around the room, always landing back on her within seconds so she had no chance to make a dash for the door.

"Are you here to kill me for defending her?"  Penny almost felt a sense of relief.  At least being stopped by a supervillian was better than her giving up on her idol out of resignation on everyone's negativity.

To her surprise, however, he turned fully toward her, eyebrows raised.  "Kill you?  My dear young lady, far from that."  He pointed to the computer.  "As you may have guessed, I lurk on the Starbolt fan forum.  How many people are active users?"

"About 150,000 or so, last I saw.  A bit more the past few days, because...  well..."

"Yes.  And how many defend my poor sap of a foe there?"

"More than once or twice, before they start to toe the line?  3, I think.  I'm not on all the time, but that's all I saw"

"Correct.  You and 2 others."  He stepped from his chair, and walked over to her desk.  Skimming her notebook, he nodded.  "Impressive.  Your grades show you will get honors, even if you somehow get Ds in every class this quarter.  And I doubt that will happen."  He put the notebook down.  "You're the youngest of the three, you know.  And the only one still in school.  That's why I came here first."

"If you're not going to kill me, what are you here for?  To gloat at her only remaining fans?  Stop us from being her only defenders so she loses all hope?"  Penny was almost crying, now.

Bestower spun on her, eyes flashing with anger for a moment as his long hair swirled around him.  When he closed his eyes and breathed.  Opening them again, he seemed much calmer.  "I forget, you only know what others have said.  I should not be angry with you for that.  But let me ask.  With so many others criticizing the hero, why do you defend her?  Many would say that the masses might have the right idea, after all."

She waved around her.  "I love knowledge.  I didn't say 'oh, she's just depressed, she needs to get over it.' I looked it up.  It's not like that.  I studied it.  And I thought people who heard what it was really like would stop...  that."  She waved at the monitor.

"Idealistic.  Rather expected, but not disappointingly."  He turned his head to face the chair.  "Scan her."  A small winged robot, built like a shapely but frail woman - obviously made of light materials, the sort of construct Bestower used when he wanted to be sure someone wouldn't be threatened - his threatening was amazingly not subtle - flew over and made a cute humming noise at Penny, then flew around her head a few times.  It flew back to the villain and landed on his shoulder, buzzing happily.  He nodded.

"I gave my little friend here the power to confirm something I already knew about you.  You, my dear, are a good woman.  So, I'm going to tell you a secret.  I don't just have the power to give robots powers.  I can give them to people, too.  Permanently."  

"Do you mean...  me?  But why?"

His eyes again flashed with anger, although this time not directed at her.  The small fairy robot buzzed in alarm and flew back to the chair, cowering.  "These fools think Starbolt is weak for being depressed.  First, I am selfish enough to say that it...  annoys me that my hard work in trying to make her retire and see the truth about...  \*them\*," The venom in his voice was almost tangible as he glared at the computer, "But frankly, that's a minor point.  She is one of the very few people in the community of people I respect."  He looked at Penny.   "Interesting.  You don't seem surprised that I respect her."

"You're her foe, and a villian...  but honestly, as much as I disagree with you, you've always been honorable.  When your underling tried to take advantage of those women he was holding hostage, you're the one who broke his arms and turned him over.  You even stopped your scheme and apologized.  I thought you might turn hero over that." The tall man made a scoffing sound, but not an unpleased one.  "But foes can respect each other."  She smiled, and tapped her small shelf of movies.  "Inego vs. Westly, the first fight."

"Hah!  Exactly."  He sat down.  "So, frankly, the number of people disrespecting someone who I could actually see myself being friends with in different circumstances is more than a little vexing."  He was stroking the wings of the b fairy, calming the construct down.  "So, I decided to do something for my foolish foe, even though she should have fully seen what would have come from her admission."

He pointed at Penny.  "I bestow upon you the power most suited to your knowledge and mindset."  A wave of light passed from his hands and bathed the young lady momentarily, then faded.  "You will need practice to make full use of it, but you should be able to activate the power with little difficulty."

Her eyes wide, Penny held her hand out, palm up, and concentrated.  Several rings appeared, floating over her hand, which then started spinning independently of each other.  They vanished, and were replaced with a metal sphere that began moving around the room, the woman's eyes, as well as the villain's, tracking it.

"Excellent.  It looks like you can make and move solid objects.  I imagine you can make yourself some armor and fly with it.  It's perfect for a mechanical engineer.  You are graduating in 2 months, yes?  The other two of you should be able to deal with the other villains - I'm taking a bit of a sabbatical, after I more thoroughly and publicly express my disgust with the world's behavior toward your hero - until you graduate."  His eyes narrowed.  "I will be most annoyed if you give up your education to be just a here.  I respect Starbolt's strength, honor, and nobility, but she is not the sharpest tool in the shed.  It will be fun to have to think through my plans more thoroughly."  He leaned back in the transport.  "I have only one caveat.  You may explain how you got your powers if you wish, but it's not required.  I do, however, want your group to go by StarShield.  The defenders of Starbolt.  And be sure to support her publicly as you have here." And he pointed to the computer again.

"I would have done that anyway.  Wait, you're going to give the others powers?  Who are they?"

He smiled.  "I'll give the third one your e-mail addresses.  Just in case one bows out or is unsuitable.  Like you, I'll give them powers best suited to who they are."  His grin widened.  "It will be VERY interesting.  The second is in his mid 40s, and is a professional therapist.  And the third is close to your age.  She's a sex worker.  It should be an interesting team."  He spread his arms wide, and the smell of ozone came back, as he started to back through the wall, in full hammy villain mode.  "Which will make your defeat all the better!", with the last syllable hanging in the air as he slid completely out of her room.

Penny blinked at the wall.

"Huh."  The room was silent for several minutes.  "Hey, guess I don't need to find a job after graduation, do I?  How do I apply for federal superhero status?"  Smiling now, she turned back to the computer.  She and her allies will hold the fort until Starbolt is back to herself.  And then, they'll take down their villain friend.  Together.