I slammed my fist into the wall with a frustrated scream, the plaster cracking around the impact. I winced and cradled my hand, immediately regretting my decision. I walked over to my dresser and rummaged around, eventually pulling out a band-aid. I took the paper around it off and stuck it to my bleeding knuckles.

I let out a sigh and glanced to the side of my room. Beside my desk, where my computer ran even though no power could possibly be going through it, I had covered up the panes of my windows with extra clothing I had in the back of my closet. Even though they covered every single inch of glass, I could still see the glow of the outside leaking through the assorted fabrics. I grit my teeth and looked away, a headache forming behind my eyes. When I first ended up in this void, I thought that I could leave my room and explore. However, I quickly learned that there is no way for the human brain to truly comprehend literal nothingness, and after nearly passing out from the dissonance I was able to create a sort of quarantine around me, preventing all possibility of seeing outside without meaning to.

I slowly stood up and walked over to my desk, my fingers tracing the chair I had saved up months for. I settled into the leather and pulled up my steam library, glancing through the assorted games I had collected over the years. My frown deepened as I looked through my collection, worry building up in me. As soon as I had gotten here I had tried to handle my stress and fear by playing a game, which had led me to discover the strange phenomena connected to my computer. Whenever I loaded up a game, the void outside disappeared and was replaced by the world of the video games, plot and all.

In the months I had lived here, I had discovered a few rules of this phenomena. First rule was that once a game was played, I could no longer go back to that world. I had wasted a few good attempts at getting supplies by getting rid of Stardew Valley, Garry's Mod and Spore right off the bat. Second rule was that I wasn't the protagonist. The story of the game continues on a loop and I seemed to be thrown in at random points of the plot, which could cause some problems if I came in at the wrong time. Third rule was that I was still human. In worlds where extraordinary protagonists and terrifying antagonists waited, I was startlingly average. I could die easily if I wasn't careful. And rule number four, which was the most important: powerful residents of the game can become extremely agitated towards me for no reason. I had almost died a few times already from these people, so I had to be careful.

After a complete overview of my game library that took over an hour, I finally decided on my choice. Hoping I made the right choice, I took a deep breath and clicked Start.

Familiar music came from my speakers, and as I listened I felt something shift around me. I pulled back one of the shirts covering my blinds and saw snow falling onto the ground. Looks like I was still pretty early in the story, which was perfect. If I got into a fight it wouldn't be that tough, and the snow made it much easier to sneak around, as long as no one followed my trail.

I grabbed a jacket, some gloves, my backpack and a hat before stepping out into the snow. I was surrounded by tree's, only broken up by a single path. I glanced up and saw that instead of the sky, a rocky ceiling hung above. 

I looked around for a moment, making sure nothing was near before stepping onto the path. A pair of footprints led into the distance, where a bridge stood. I let out my held breath, thankful that I came at the perfect time. At this point the protagonist would have made their way towards the town a little ways away, clearing the way for myself.

I started following the path, walking across the shaky bridge into a small clearing. A lamp and some sort of outpost stood in the snow, standing stoically in the snow. I ignored them and walked down the path, keeping an eye out for anything that could attack me. I walked for about twenty minutes, the path winding through the woods like a river. 

Suddenly, I heard a snicker. My heart went cold and I ducked behind a tree as a strange looking monster turned the corner, going the way I had come from. Its eyes were trained on a phone in its hand, orange-stained fingers swiping rapidly over the screen. It had a lumpy head with horns that made up its body, and it had a high-pitched voice that hurt my ears. I grit my teeth and growled it's name: "Jerry."

Jerry didn't seem to hear me, instead continuing down the way I came from. I let out a breath and stepped out, hurrying away. If Jerry was around, then it meant only one thing: I was nearing my destination. 

After a few more minutes of walking, I found another bridge. Numerous ropes and devices hung from the sky, all shut down and deactivated. I walked by a cannon and a white dog (for some reason or another) before looking to my left. There, a sign read, "Welcome to Snowdin!" If Jerry wasn't enough proof, this was: I was truly in Undertale, RPG masterpiece and the last game I owned that I might survive.

*Continued in comments*