Holding his tongue, trying not to use foul language “What the heck” he shouted to other coffin, it opens and a figure sits upright, “gees, this is the third coffin that is falling apart”, “as soon as night falls, we’ll have to go pay a visit to you know who”, nodding in agreement, closes the coffin and tries to settle back in, annoyed, he flips over to rest face down, “we’ll get him back on track.”   

Jack runs to the backroom, “dam phone, need to get an answering machine, hello”, nodding his head, “I’ll be leaving here shortly, ok, ok, yeah love to too.” Looking around, he thinks to himself, “it’s time I retire and let this dump go.” He hasn’t had his heart into it anymore, especially since the day they came for one more, and another, and then one more, the one that they said would even the score. Frustrated, he kicks the side of the most recent coffin he made,  “Why do I continue to make these things”, he says, “they just fill them up, it never ends.”  

There was a time before the endless war, where he would console grieving families, build them the finest coffins for their loved ones final rest, not anymore, the atrocities of war, “one man’s pain is the others gain”, he says to himself, endless death, a demand he doesn’t want to keep up with, he’s had it, his craftsmanship gone, he’s just become an assembly line that builds them quickly, cheaply, and carelessly, “war sucks” he mutters, knowing these poor soldiers and casualties deserve better.   

Grabbing his hat, Jack heads home for the night, as he is locking up, he hears a voice “Jim now” felling a chill run up his spine, he turns around, but sees no one, only the cool frosty air, “must be the weather”, after all its late October, the weather can be tricky, one day warm, next cool, he loved it though, especially the harvest moon, lighting up the night sky, quite the spectacle, loved taking his late wife on moonlight walks, enjoying the cool night air, but that was a while ago, his thoughts turn to her demise, driving back from a showing buyers a few homes, the bridge gave out from under her, the constant bombardment loosened the structure, causing her to crash, her suffering, makes his eyes well up with tears, “will I ever feel alive again” he thinks as he is reminded of his grandson, his daughter they need him, hiking up his collar to shield his neck from the chill around his neck, proceeds back home.    

Waking up, he glances at his Rolex, a gift his wife bought hm years ago for Christmas, he was stunned he had one, and he couldn’t believe she saved her commissions to buy it for him, she was so loving, “crap, its 5:00 PM, what the he…”, “Dad, you home, are you ok…, Dad”, “yeah, I’m up here, I overslept..”, “OMG, the shop is empty, and the army guy, is looking for you, they need coffins..”, “I’ll be right there..” hopping out of bed, quickly cleaning up, he heads downstairs. Seeing his beautiful daughter... “I guess time is catching up with me.., I can’t do this....”, "I know dad, I know…, the news says the bombings are slowing…, and talks of peace..”, “that’s what they said last Christmas…” looking at his watch, he remembers how she wrapped it, stylish paper, a perfectly placed bow, she was so talented, smiling at the memory, the door slams behind him, startling him, his thoughts turn to the events a week later and she was gone, seeing his mind elsewhere, thinking "why wouldn’t it be, its horrible time right now", “dad, dad…, the shop”, snapping out of it, “ok, I’m going” he kisses her on the forehead, and off he goes.  

The next day he awakes late again, “dam, this is not good”, hurries thru his routine and heads to the shop, thinking…, “I should just sleep there, I mean.., I could just make the coffin a bed, I got some of the best liners in the back, and goose down filling, Hehe…” chuckling at the thought of it, and then thinking seriously, “Hmm, yup, that’s what I’m gonna do”,  as he begins opening up the shop, he’s surprised to find it clean and organized, scratching his head, “how the heck…, when did I…” trying to remember how or when he did this, he flips on the lights, feeling good, he grabs his tolls and bangs out three high quality coffins, “wow, it would take me all day to do one, and now I have three, one for me to sleep in, and two extras” smiling at his accomplishment, he remembers how much he enjoyed the process of hand carving the wood, adding walnut inlays, lining it in the finest fabric, and installing beautiful hardware, the kind found only in the wealthiest mansions, the ones located in the eastern part of town, saying to himself, "amazing how they never get bombed, like some kind if shield around it", its home to people of high society, owners of the world famous beet farm, paper companies, high tech, and pharmaceuticals, the kind of folks that make the world rotate, looking at his Rolex, “Whoa, almost sunrise, can’t believe I was here all night”, as he prepares his new bed, the coffin he made earlier today, he draws the curtains closed, while doing so, he hears a whisper, “Dwight your turn”, he feels that chill again, right up his spine to his neck, pops his collar up to stop the chill, and heads to his new bed, passing a mirror, he glances, sees his reflection, his collar raised, liking what he sees, raises his eyebrows, “wow I look distinguished”, jumps into the coffin, closes the lid.   

“Now that was comfortable”, as he opens the lid, “its dusk already”, rubbing neck, “hmm, why is it sore", he passes by the mirror, sees no bruises, "must be old age setting in”, just as turns from the mirror, there are two figures standing right behind him, startled… “who the hell are you guys…?”, stoic looks on their face, and  glaring into his eyes, “oh my…, God…,” he sees their dark hallow soulless eyes, he reaches for the wall phone, the same one installed decades ago, old reliable, always worked, storms, earthquakes, even during the great cell phone outage of 2023, the one the Chinese and Russians concocted to show their strength in disabling societies, a warning to western civilizations and their dependance on technology, “where’s the dam phone…., I’m gonna call the police”, it’s not there, pinned against the wall, still locked eyes with them, he manages to snap the spell, looking frantically, he finds wires, follows them, they’re frayed, and there it is, dangling, ripped open as if an animal had its way with it, shaking, he grabs the receiver, tapping it up and down,  “hello.., hello…” no dial tone, nothing, its dead, then he feels that chill run up his spine as it did the night before, but this time he has no collar to shield his neck, “ouch” the pressure on the side of his neck causes him to fall on his hands and knees, “are you here to kill me”, laughter erupts, the kind you hear in vampire movies… “no, no, we’re here to suck your blood”, without a second thought, they pounce on him, biting his neck.  

Opening the coffin, Jack hops out, “wow I feel springy”, flicks on the light, “whoa that’s bright”, dims it, rubs his eyes, and as he refocuses, the two figures reappear, but this time he recognizes them, but not sure from where, figure one steps forward and motions him to sit…  “Have a seat Jack” sitting and confused, he starts to explain…. “I’ll explain why we’re here, you see, when Jim was bitten by a bat…” titling his head, wondering why this sounds familiar, then he remembers he’s referencing  Season 3 Episode 17 of ‘The Office’, the figure continues, “ I had to kill him, by impaling him with a wooden stake, however, Jim managed to avoid his fate, by getting me to think a bear was eating my beets….” Jack now realizes this is Dwight, the Dwight Shrute, The Beet Farmer from the show The Office, and next to him is Jim, Jim Halpert, the paper salesman from the show as well, “what the hell is going on” he shouts out, stepping in closer,  Jim places his hand on his shoulder, raises his fingers across his lips, signaling him to be quiet, “shh, let Dwight finish”, Dwight goes on, “Thank you Jim, but I don’t need you, hmm,  let’s see, I was about to kill Jim…” , Jim interrupts…“Um, no you weren’t…”, “ok Jim, if you know it so well, then you tell him why we’re here”, stepping in front of Dwight.. “Well, Jack, it all started when a bat got loose in the office, and Dwight was determined to kill it, but little did he know, he was the one who got bitten, you see, it happened when he was arguing with me about bears and beets, and how bears don’t eat beets….” , ‘No Jim, that’s not true , everyone knows bears love beets, FACT, bears eat beats more than they eat meat..”, Jim looking at Jack, raises his eye brow, “there you have it, that’s how Dwight became a vampire, and I had kill him, as I was driving the stake thru his heart, his cousin Moe, jumped me, bit my neck, and now we’re both vampires, and we need to sleep, and you’re the only one who knows coffins, the ones, were you can sleep all day and party all night”, Dwight stepping in front of Jim, “Nice one Jim, but it was my idea to come here and get your passion back, the most recent ones we got, barely lasted days, so we decided to make you a vampire, this way you can make these coffins forever…”, Jack gets up from his seat, “dam you, dam you, I don’t want to live forever”, the phone starts ringing, “hello”, the voice on the other end says in a soft voice… “hello honey”, grabbing the receiver with both hands, lips trembling…. “is that you, is that you Janet?” looking at them, then back to the phone.... “I miss you baby…”, “me too, turn around” he turns and there she is, glowing, smiling, revealing her new white fangs… “how.., is this really happening” , Jim places his hand on his shoulder… “we found her at the crash site, bleeding, on the verge of dying, I bit her, knowing we would need the wife of the finest coffin maker one day, and that day is today” Jack runs into her arms, hugging, turns back to Jim and Dwight … “Looks like I need to make one more coffin”