Though it’s been over a decade, I still recall vaguely the first time she appeared at my door. I might’ve been four. I might’ve been nine. My age doesn’t matter, the story remains the same. nonetheless. 

I froze when I heard the thumping at my bedroom door, when my mother came to see me it usually meant I was in trouble. My eyes darted over to the clock next to my bed, 9:00 P.M. I could pretend to be asleep? No, that was ridiculous. Mama would just wake me up and I would be in even more trouble for making her wait. Hesitantly, I removed scratchy blanket from on top of me and advanced towards the door. I opened it as carefully as possible and made myself look as innocent as possible.

Rather than an angry mother, I was met by the sight of another child. I marveled at how clean she looked. Not a single hole in her overalls, no dirt in her short green hair, and she was sparkling more than mama’s lighter. She was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I didn’t get much time to admire her before her ethereal voice brought me back to reality(?)

“Good evening miss, do you have any sweets for me?” 

I nodded my head eagerly, feeling a foreign giddiness spreading through my body. I motioned for the stranger to follow and led her through my room, careful to avoid any needles or shards of glass. With some effort, I shifted my mattress as silently as possible to the side, and lifted up a loose floorboard. In it were canned foods, bottles of water, and the most precious, toys and chocolates. I took out one of the candies, and offered her the gift.

“Thank you.” She said, and I immediately felt overwhelming bliss.

She unwrapped it, popped it into her mouth, and left. From then on, I saw her at the exact same time every full moon. 

When I couldn’t offer candies, she would accept toys. The next full moon she’d leave the toy at the door. When the toys were gone, and so was the money for candy, she would accept my time. As I grew older and moved around, she followed me from place to place. Houses, apartments, even hotels. And she would never change, not a bit. People change, they leave, they die. We rarely stay in the same place for long, and we rarely stay the same. I’ve changed, grown up, matured, she didn’t. The only constant in my life.