He sat awake, waiting for the visitor to arrive. He looked down at his phone confirming it was the correct day.

“Full Moon. That means she’s coming.” He said to himself. The first night was ten years ago, when he was around eight. Halloween has recently passed, and he had a lot of candy stored in a bucket on his desk.

Then one night there was a knocking, he should’ve been asleep by 9 but he wasn’t. Out of curiosity more than anything, he crept downstairs to the front door as the knocking repeated. He opened the door to find a girl standing outside. Her face had a sort of ageless beauty, eh couldn’t really tell if she was a girl or a young woman. She wore a pale blue dress and had bright blue eyes that almost seemed to glow, and her hair seemed spun from the light of the moon above.

“Hello. Do you have any candy?” She asked plainly.

He stood there confused. Was this a dream? A joke? He did have candy, but giving it away to strange girls in the middle of the night seemed weird. But then again, he had a lot of candy he didn’t like, so he ran back upstairs, grabbed a couple of Twizzlers and some skittles and then handed them to her.

“Thank you.” She said with a slight nod before turning and walking into the night.

Every full moon she returned, and every time he gave her some candy. It was almost like a ritual between the two. He tried explaining her to his friends at school, but they laughed at him and called him a liar or a fool. Even his parents thought he was just making it up. So he started calling her his imaginary friend, though he knew it not to be the case.

8:59. He looked over to the chocolate bars sitting on his desk. He found she would accept anything sweet, but he liked to mix it up a bit. He then felt a bit sad, that night may be the last time he saw her, as it was mid august and he had to move to college next week, so he wouldn’t be here for her. Then he heard the knocking, and looking at his phone he saw it was nine. He grabbed the candy and walked down to the front door, opening to find her looking the same as she always did. He held out the candy immediately and she took it, her hand cool to the touch.

“Thank you.” She said

“You’re welcome Luna.” He replied 

She nodded slightly to him, and as she turned to leave he reached out and grabbed her arm, stopping her.

“I…I have to leave soon…I won’t be here next month” he said, and saw her face fall a little bit, and felt a bit and about telling her.

After a moment she spoke. “Thank you for telling me, you’ve saved me from an unpleasant surprise.” And once again turned and walked away. 

As she did, he felt sad, like he lost someone incredibly close to him. They hadn’t really talked much over the decade, and he never learned why she came to his house of why she wanted candy, but he was going to miss her nonetheless. 

Around a month later, he sat in his dorm room at night, looking over classwork on his computer. His roommate was out with friends, leaving him alone to work for a while. After getting frustrated at his inability to solve the homework, he got up and walked over to the small window and looked out at the campus below. It was a cloudy night and he couldn’t really see the moon, but he thought of her nonetheless. Had she found someone else to get candy from? He didn’t know. He was just about to go lie on his bed, when he heard a familiar knocking at the door…