(Note: I originally wrote this for another prompt years ago but I feel like it fits here)

Blood, hot &amp; wet stuck to his clothes. A burning itch across his stomach &amp; through the yawning chasm opened out the other side. He groaned pitifully. How could this happen? He was the hero…
"Why? Why do you *keep coming*?" Her face was low &amp; near, a snarl spread across her elfish features.
He did his best to face her with all the bravery they would expect. "You're a monster. Everywhere you go, you leave a trail of bodies. Someone needed to be the champion for the gods."
The pain spread, arcing up his back &amp; through his ribs as he tried to breathe. Every breath was harder &amp; rasped out of his throat more feebly. The iron taste on the back of his tongue was intolerable.
"If I was such an abomination, were I half so cruel as you thought, why would it be so hard to find me?" Her voice was softer now, her hand on his shoulder. 
He coughed, a dark red stain speckling the dust before him. 
"But they said…"
Another round of hacking racked him, the world tearing at its seams &amp; vision blurring. Hot tears hit his face, but they were not his own. 
"Shh, it's alright," The villain said softly &amp; with strain in her voice.
"You're doing beautifully &amp; I'm *so* proud of you. You made it further than any of the others. But enough of that now, it was cruel of them to make you fight me. You never could have won. You didn't fail, this isn't your fault."
He looked up into her eyes then, seeing the look of pain hiding behind a gentle smile. The wicked blade glinted from her side, gripped by white knuckles &amp; shaking with anger. 
Though her voice was calm &amp; her face gentle, the ancient villain was furious. Not at the child on the ground before her, but at the gods themselves. For cursing her, for sending this endless stream of children to die on her sword, &amp; for all the horrors of the world she'd seen.
"Sleep well, little hero. You were braver than *anyone* should have expected you to be."
She ran her lithe fingers through his hair as the gleaming steel leaped forward once more, ending his pain. As she stood &amp; turned towards the mountain of the gods she swore he would be the last.
The sword drank hungrily on her shoulder until it shone like the noon day sun once again. It would be sated, finally, on the same blood that had cursed it to hunger.