Years ago, I was thrilled to wake up in this new world.  Initially, I believed it was a byproduct of dying.  I had been in a car crash, saw the blinding white light, and moving towards it.  As my eyes adjusted, I saw I was exiting a tunnel while riding in a wagon.  There were three others with me, one who looked like a giant cat wearing leather armor.  

"How did my dying brain come up with this?" I muttered.

"Ah, you're awake.  I didn't think a man could sleep that long.", the man across from me said as he stretched out his legs.  "Tell me, where are you from?"

I reached up to feel my forehead where I remember having hit the roof of the car.  No tenderness, or blood.  Odd.  "Um, Well, I'm from New Jersey.  I'm wondering if you even know where that is, considering our ... feline companion."  The cat person turned to look at me and smiled weakly.  

"Looks like he's another one who *played*..." they hissed.  "You'll find it very different living it."

That was the most honest thing anyone has said to me.  I spent the next 10 or 12 years honing all the skills I had read about and pretended to do while playing various fantasy role playing games.  Every day, I expected to wake from some coma, or perhaps have someone tell me I had done *enough* to go on to my reward.  A priestess at a temple assured me this was a real world, and I better start living in it.  So I did.

Over the years, I learned to fight with swords, maces, daggers, crossbows, and long bows.  I could pick the most complex locks this land had to offer, and amazingly, I learned a few spells where I could manipulate the forces around me.  Magic didn't come easy, but I could still do okay with it.  I excelled at being able to sneak around and that helped me more than anything.  Nobody wanted to go toe to toe with a bear or band of roving orc bandits.

I discovered that my existence was more like being in a video game than playing an RPG with friends around a table.  I had a small journal that would populate with tasks, quests if you wanted to think of them that way.  I had completed so many of them, and skipped one numerous times on the second page.

&lt;Help Lothar find his lost cat&gt;

I racked my brain a bit, and remembered Lothar was a farmer in the outskirts of the first large keep I traveled to early in my time here.  

There was a symbol next to the task that I have since learned meant that I would be rewarded with some sort of magical jewel.  I wondered what it would be, being so early in my journal.   I might hardly be worth it, but maybe I need something easy to do, almost like a vacation.

In hindsight, it was the exact opposite of a vacation as I would learn.

&lt;end Part 1&gt;