“Almost nine PM, she should be here any second.”  
	I sat on one of the old wooden chaisr on my porch, a bowl of candy nestled in my lap. To an outsider, it might seem odd for a man in his mid-thirties to be doing this. The whole thing just screams “stranger danger”. But if anyone was around when the light of full moon shone, they’d understand. Soon the time on my phone read 9:00 PM exactly, and there she was.  
	Trudging along the stone path leading to my porch, was a girl who looked no older than 12. The light of the moon shone off her curly golden hair and pure alabaster skin. She wore green overalls, a magenta shirt, lime green glasses and no footwear whatsoever.   
	“Hi, Mr. Herman!” The girl greeted with a smile as she walked up the steps and took a seat next to me in a smaller wooden chair. “Got anything good tonight?”  
	“Dana!” I chuckled softly. “I told you that can call me Wallace. Calling me Mr. Herman makes me feel old”  
	“But you have been getting older.” Dana retorted. “And it’s polite to call older people Mr. or Ms.”  
	“Well, not everyone can be twelve forever like you.” I teased as I handed Dana a Mounds bar. They’ve always been her favorite, but I was always partial to Almond Joy myself. We began scarfing down the sweets methodically as we gazed up at the golden moon and the ocean of stars in the night sky.  
	“Hey, Mr- I mean Wallace? May I ask you something?”  
	“Sure, Dana. What do you want know?”  
	“Why is your foot like that?” She was pointing down at the metal prosthetic attached to my left ankle. I sighed before beginning to speak.  
	“I lost my real one on the job five years ago. Some idiot in a semi rammed into my van while on my postal route, and the next thing I know, I’m in a hospital bed with foot gone. It was a miracle that was the only injury I got.  
	Dana’s face fell. “Oh. I’m really sorry, Wallace. I didn’t know.”  
	“Eh, it’s alright. It wasn’t your fault it happened.” I assured her. “Plus, I’m a tough old bird. If I could survive that, I could tough out anything life throws at me.”  
	“Good. Because if not, I’d have to get my candy somewhere else.”  
	We both laughed and dug into some almond Hershey bars before I looked at my phone. The time read 9:30 pm.  
	“Welp, that’s my time for the night.” Dana said as she began to get up.  
	“Same time next full moon?” I asked.  
	“Of course! I can’t leave my best friend hanging like that! See you soon, Wallace!” Dana replied as she ran down the path and disappeared into the night.  
	This has been our routine for nearly thirteen years now. I’m not entirely sure what Dana is. A ghost, angel, or a pale a child whose parents really need to set a curfew for her, but I enjoy her company. It’s nice to have company every now and then.