For one of the Buzzfeed Top 10 Time Traveler Tourist Traps, the Great Library of Alexandria had very lax security. I'd waltzed in earlier this afternoon, browsed the shelves for a bit of light reading, escaped out a window to the roof above, and then left the window cracked so slightly that no one would notice. In a time without digital security systems and lasers and high def cameras, it was an easy thing to climb back through said window and begin the arduous task of setting the charges.

I had hoped when I'd been tasked with this mission that it wouldn't have to come to fruition. That I wouldn't find what I was looking for. But alas, we humans are predictable.

During my browsing, it was easy to tell which scrolls were plants from other time travelers. You'd think futuristic technology could copy the old papyrus, or that someone would be smart enough to steal papyrus from this century, but you'd be wrong.

I'd pulled all the prank papyrus I could find and had to roll my eyes at the ridiculousness of it all. Time travel was a paradox that no one could seem to agree on. Each scroll I'd picked up explained it differently. From time slips to time loops and all other 2-8 methods of time travel that could be Googled and/or fictionalized in some way.

And that was the problem. It was all too much. Too many ideas. Too much physics. Too much of everything that's confusing and contradicting. And it was all working together to break the very fabric of time. So this set of way too much information had to go.

Once all of my charges were set, I stood in the very center of the library, admiring all the work that I was about to destroy. For some reason, I didn't feel bad about what I was going to do. After all, I was always destined to do this, right?

I pulled out my detonator, which I'd affectionately dubbed Ctrl+A, Delete. It had a classic big red button, as all good explosives seem to come equipped with. I didn't hesitate to push it.

The explosions started at the top and I watched in fascination as the library came down around me. It was a glorious view, and I was happy for it to be my last. Where better to die than in a haven of priceless information and in pursuit of a world saving mission?

Glorious enough to be fictionalized in a time travel book, if you ask me.