Balrezar had been planning this for ages. For one of the six greater gods, that was quite the time to work with. So he was very excited when he felt the cosmos shift and a way for him to materialize his avatar appear. 

With the domains of death and destruction it was basically impossible to get human worship. Thankfully everyone died, and most died before their time so he did get a nice supply of power, but if he could just get a boost maybe he could get a better domain, one people actually liked.

This was why he accepted the invitation. They'd think they summoned him so he owed them. Perhaps he'd even do them a favor since people like this did worship him for whatever reason, but it was a choice despite popular misconceptions.

When he emerged from the portal, his avatar looked like it usually did. Long jet black hair tied with a red silk ribbon, wide shoulders, and black robes with a red rope belt. At over 2-meters he was taller than the humans along the ritual circle, as it should be.

"Great Balrezar, we have need of you and offer our lives as compensation."

Balrezar wondered why people assumed he wanted their lives as payment? They worshipped him even if they were insane. He'd certainly never killed his followers before so it wasn't his fault.

The man seemed nervous as Balrezar stood there. He kept a blank expression, but the sun was super bright and he was seeing spots. Along with his idle musings, it was all he could do to stay in character.

"Uhmm, and he have sacrifices for you. Not just any lives, but the lives of innocence so their pure souls might provide you more nourishment."

Balrezar really wanted a proper domain. Then he could meet people that weren't like *this*. By the six, why would any deity want to murder children? Sure they would provide more power than an adult, but it was a drop in the bucket.

"No need for such extremes." Balrezar said, his voice still deep and flowing.

"As you wish master."

"None of that. Call me Balrezar or Lord Balrezar if you must be formal."

"Ahh, apologies Lord Balrezar, the scrolls weren't clear and..."

The man kept rambling, but Balrezar had tuned him out. There'd be a point eventually or he'd ask someone else. Didn't matter, now was his opportunity to gather the power for a real domain.

"...and so Lord Balrezar, we want you to kill them all."

Who'd they want him to kill? Maybe he should have paid more attention. Oh well, didn't matter, he had the solution if someone needed killing. "I've heard your tale and can grant such a wish, but there will be innocent casualties. What I offer will be the greatest killer of mankind, a blight that will kill noble and peasant alike. The bane of humanity that even the greatest knight shall soon fear."

Balrezar was proud of that statement. He could figure out if that's what these people wanted without admitting he'd rather listen to scraping metal.

"You honor us Lord Balrezar, such a terror would be our greatest wish. For you see, when we were living..."

Balrezar tuned him out again. This was the part where he explained himself. Deep down he had to know he was a piece of dung, but this story was his excuse to himself. Balrezar didn't care about that. "Very well, it shall be done."

A small insect appeared. It had a little probiscus looking mouth and made a long whining noise when it flew. Balrezar chuckled as it took flight and then more and more. Not enough to even resemble a pestilence, but enough to make a small racket. His plan was complete just like that.

"I uhhh, well I mean ummm, it's just that a..." the man made several more false starts before saying his words in a rush, "I'm not sure that'll meet your goals Lord Balrezar, it's just a funny looking fly."

"I call them mosquitoes and people will hate them." Balrezar said between maniacal laughter.