
Crouched down, the bulbous tips of his long, slender fingers resting lightly on the ground, he had regarded us calmly with the large black orbs of his eyes. At that first meeting, he looked so small, curious, and fragile. Not unlike the tropical frogs his people resembled, really.

"Croak." he said, as we approached. He didn't croak at us, mind you -- he actually said the word "croak."

"Pardon?" I said, raising an eyebrow, and glancing at my equally perplexed companions.

"Croak is my name -- at least, that is how I am called by your folk, worthy allies." He explained.

I nodded. Our band was made up of skilled scouts and infiltrators from all over the Empire, so having names that were exotic to our fellows was normal, to us. Those whose native tongues were very different from Imperial tended to choose a translation or nickname in the common speech.

"You are welcome among our number, Croak." I said. "Senator Brr'ubbet speaks highly of your skill."

Croak's people were new to the empire, and he was the first of his kind to formally join a military unit. The old chieftain they'd chosen as their Imperial Senator, Brr'ubbet, claimed that he'd once killed an entire Black Horde expeditionary force all by himself, and insisted he'd be an invaluable addition to the Imperial Rangers. I doubted the veracity of this, of course. Croak was from a tribal culture, and warfare among such hunter-gatherers often involved as much intimidation and boasting as bloodshed. 

"What is our mission, Sir?" Croak asked, in lightly accented but otherwise flawless Imperial.

"There's a fortified Black Horde town not far from here. It's too close to the border for comfort, so we've been ordered  to scout the location, and find a way to undermine it if possible." I explained.

"So they must die?" Croak asked, eagerly.

While I might doubt that he'd killed an army on his own, I didn't doubt his hatred for the Empire's ancient enemies. The Black Horde had burned thousands of acres of the rainforests where Croak's people made their homes, and reportedly did not spare the hatchery ponds where his folk reared the tadpole-like infants of their kind.

"Eliminating the town would be ideal, of course, but--" I began, hesitantly.

And that was when he stood up. His limbs might have been skeletally slender, but they were *long,* almost uncannily so. Standing fully upright, our amphibian friend towered over us by two feet or more.

"It will be done." Croak said, solemnly.

Without another word, he crouched back down, and then leaped high into the air, vanishing into the treetops.

It was three days before the rest of the company reached the town. We reckoned Croak must have gotten there a day or more ahead of us.

When we arrived, everyone in the Horde settlement was dead. Corpses lay everywhere, though there was scarcely a drop of blood to be seen. We saw no sign of Croak.

One of my men, an especially skilled tracker with some training as a surgeon, rolled over one of the bodies laying in the town square, and examined it carefully. He smelled its lips, and pried open its sightless eyes, then  repeated this with a few more corpses as we watched uncomfortably. We were no strangers to the grim, quiet work that sometimes needed to be done to keep the Empire safe, but this was unsettling, even for Imperial Rangers. Finally, he grimaced, looking back at me from where he knelt by one of the dead.

"Poison." he declared, simply.

"All of them?" I exclaimed, incredulously. "How?"

Then I heard a croak. The sound, not the name, this time. I followed it to the center of the town square...to the well in the middle of the settlement.

I peered down into the darkness of the well. As my eyes adjusted, I saw Croak, submerged up to his neck in the dark water, his big black eyes regarding me calmly. A faintly iridescent liquid glistened on his exposed blue skin, and seeped into the water around him, becoming invisible as it dissolved.

"Mission complete, sir." Croak said, his voice echoing up from the poisoned depths.