A galaxy divided by war! Peaceful worlds must choose side or suffer the threat of an invasion! The Jedi and their Clone Army of The Galactic Republic must fight the Separatist over control of neutral grounds!

A legion of elite clone troopers led by Jedi Master Yoda fought a decisive battle against the invading droid starship fleet on the orbit of Planet Alderaan and the battle was reaching its climax!

"General Yoda, a Star Destroyer had just ambushed us and destroyed units C35, C42, and C51! We lost twelve starfighters! What are your orders, Sir?", asked the clone commander.

The Jedi master stood in silence overlooking the battle below. His small stature seemed weak, propped by a small cane he always had on his person. But Commander Cash, having served under the esteemed Grand Master from the beginning of the war, had nothing but respect over his superior.

"Win this battle, I'm afraid we will not...", croaked Master Yoda.

"Sir...?", Commander Cash said, confused.

Master Yoda moved slowly and turned before looking up at the commander.

"No chance for victory, there is, Commander Cash. Flee, we must", Master Yoda confirmed.

Commander Cash was taken aback, though behind his mask his shock was easily hidden. Never he though he would hear an order of retreat from the wise general. He always had something, some strategy to win! Use The Force or other some such! Anything but admitting defeat!

"General, we can call for backup! There is another legion one warp jump away from here! If we can just hold back for a little bit longer..."

Master Yoda raised his hand and the commander stopped.

"Believe me, you must", said Master Yoda solemnly. 

Commander Cash stuttered before shutting his mouth.

"Y-yes, General..."

Master Yoda turned back to the losing battlefield once more and without emotion he said, "To escape, a diversion we need. The rest of the army, we must dispatch..."

Commander Cash was perplexed. He did not have the heart to order his brothers to death/ But if that's what his general ordered, as a good soldier he must obeyed.

"Y-yes, General...", Commander Cash said, defeated.

"Concentrate all firepower to the Star Destroyer and we make our escape", said Master Yoda still looking away.

Commander Cash activated his communication device and with heavy heart he spoke, "Attention all remaining unit. Concentrate all firepower to..."

For a moment he paused. Something was...amiss.

For a the last few years now, ever since he was born on Kamino, all he ever heard besides the voices of his brothers was the voice of his Jedi General. He was used to that funny way of talking, that backwards speech the small Jedi Master was known for. Thus hearing it sounded normal was...not normal at all.

"General Yoda, did you just talk normally...?"

The air shifted and the atmosphere inside that room became thicker. The Force was indeed strong with the Jedi Master, even a non-Force sensitive like Commander Cash himself could feel it.

"Oops, did I just slip?", Master Yoda said ominously before dropping his cane and turned to face the clone commander. "To be fair, commander, talking like that is quite exhausting"

"General, what is...?", frightened, Commander Cash backed away.

Master Yoda chuckled and he waved his hand as the small lightsaber hilt flew to his clawed hand.

"Believe you, nobody will", he said. "But a chance, we will not take hmm?" 

The last thing Commander Cash saw was a swift flash of green before the Jedi Master jumped full speed against him. The Jedi Master cackled as he strike with his lightsaber...

\*\*\*

"AHHH!", yelped the clone commander.

Panting with his heart still beating fast, Commander Cash looked around, thankful that he found himself still where he had fallen asleep-- on a busy street of Planet Daiyu.

"What was that dream, dammit?", Commander Cash muttered to himself when he felt his stomach growled.

Sighing, he tried to quell his hunger but it was no use as he hadn't eaten for several days then. Having no choice but to swallow his pride and beg for money, he looked up to see a figure standing in front of him-- a bearded man draped in a brown robe. 

Lifting his old helmet as a bucket, Commander Cash weakly said, "Spare any credits? Help a veteran get a warm meal..."

The robed figure stood there for a few seconds seemingly sympathetic before he threw some money in before he went away.

Commander Cash sighed once more before he slowly stood up and went off to find something to eat.

r/HangryWritey