Me and my best friend had always found it cool that we shared the same birthday, October sixteenth. Every year since I first met him when his parents moved next door we had a joint birthday party. The first few were planned by our parents for us as two year olds. They thought it was cool too.  
Every year that was until I moved out. We applied to the same colleges but different ones accepted us. We were separated for good at that point as the college that accepted him was across the country from the one I got into. We said our goodbyes and went separate ways.  
The first day of classes I had begun to miss him already. We had planned to meet up on our birthdays again but somehow I didn’t think it would work out and it didn’t.   
I was devastated as could be expected when you can’t even see your best friend of fifteen years for your birthday. I went to a bar, successfully got by the age restrictions and had several drinks. Another guy who wasn’t of age either was sitting beside me silent as a rock, slowly sipping away at his scotch.   
He sat for a long while before I decided to speak to him. “Hello?”  
He turned to me with a mix of amusement and confusion. “Hello.”  
“How are you?”  
He held up his half drunk scotch, “What do you think this tells ya?”  
“Had a bad day.”  
“Now did you?”  
“Yeah it's the first time I haven’t spent my birthday with my friend who happens to share the same date since my first birthday.”  
“I’m sorry to hear that. When is your birthday?”  
“Today.” I replied morosely then downed whatever was left in my cup.  
“What do you know? My birthday is today, was, yesterday” he added with a glance at his watch which told him it was one in the morning.  
“Toast to being a year older.” I said near tears. I had another cup of the stuff in my hand and raised it. The other guy bumped his glass against mine making a fine chink. We drank again then he left.  
“Nice to meet you. Ought to do it again.”  
“Next year, yesterday.” I called back to him as he walked away.  
The tender brought another glass which I turned away and paid my bill which was horrendously high and left.  
I felt better after the hangover wore off and began looking forward to the next occurrence of October sixteenth.  
Eventually it rolled around again and I met the guy who I didn’t even think to get the name of the first time in the same bar. We had a couple of drinks then went out to do absolutely nothing. Got a bite to eat, bought each other a cupcake then left to do our own for the next year.  
We did something a little more grandiose the next year, got some strippers along with the booze and cupcakes. Along the way we met another guy who, it didn’t seem real at first but was indeed true, had the same birthday.  
Every year we miraculously found someone else to put in our gang. Parties actually became a thing and my best friend was long forgotten. I never actually caught the names of any of the other guys, a few women showed up occasionally but made good to get out before all the men were boozed up. Every year we would meet at the bar and go out to do something stupid. We would pool our money to pay for it every year. Forty bucks a person but you weren’t shamed if you couldn’t pay it all.  
Twenty four years went along. I, now turning forty-three, hosting the party at my place, a great house paid for by my successful job, and am having the time of my life. As this party winds down I think back fondly to my childhood and my best friend whose birthday was somehow the same day as mine. How crazy it had seemed that we shared a birthday when in fact millions of people were born the same day I was every year.  
My thoughts are interrupted by a knock at the door. Curious, I checked it out. At first I was confused by this random guy in a good looking suit and a beard that could match the best. I ask if he was there for the party and he looks at me like I am from Mars.  
“Don’t you remember me?”  
“Did you forget about the party and are only now showing up?”  
“You don’t, do you?”   
I shook my head and ushered him in.  
He walked in casually then stopped several paces from the door, “Dinosaurs. That was the first theme we picked.”  
Thousands of previously forgotten memories flooded into view. Every year I had shared a joint party with him. I couldn’t control myself, the best I could do was sift through the memories and at least give each a glance as they flashed past. I nearly toppled him with the force of my hug and we both stumbled several feet before he righted me.  
“Glad to see you.” he said with tears in his eyes.  
“I missed you so much.” I nearly bawled out.  
I fell back on the couch still stunned, unable to control the steady flow of tears that annoyingly ran from the corners of my eyes and down my cheeks. He sat beside me and we held each other for several priceless minutes. The regular denizens of the party, some of the founding members in fact that usually stayed the night, were gathered around.  
There was a solemn quiet while I got myself together. My best friend said very little that night. We spent most of our time trying to live up to the good old days. We told each other of our adventures apart. He told me how he got a job straight out of college that made tons of money. How he now had a wife and children, one of which coincidentally had the birthday of October sixteenth. I told him about the man in the bar and how we started these parties together.