Morgan inhaled her tea when she saw the new front page.  It took her a bit to recover but the text failed to change.  \[Doctor Midnight Depressed.  Is Doctor Midnight abandoning the Silver City?\]  It has to be clickbait.

So rather than following that link and giving the greedy fools exactly what they want, Morgan instead goes to the Unseen Network.  One of the few places that Heroes and Villains and those affiliated with either end of the industry's spectrum can communicate in relative peace.

The forum and subservers are blazing with this nonsense.  Doctor Midnight's medical information got leaked by a hacker and the absolute fool chose to admit to it to the public.  Firestorm is making it all about himself as expected.  Merry Andrew is cracking nasty 'jokes' about it.  The Limelight Company's current rep Jones or something is going frantic over the benefits to a high ranking hero coming out with his problems but also the disaster about the hacker and what other information they could've found and sold.  The list goes on.

Morgan slides the app off and with a swift motion summons her costume into place. The only thing Fae Queen does to fix the outfit is adjust the collar pendant.  Green flames swallow her world and she stands before the Heroic League's headquarters.  At first there are no screams, sudden appearances are expected given the heroes' use of telebeams.  But the screaming starts just after the building's sirens and hidden turrets start to activate.

A purple flash here, a slash of green flames there, and the Fae Queen's march is undeterred.  She reaches the meeting hall where a cluster of heroes stand around a holographic display.  The fools realize her arrival too late and take half-hearted measures to arm themselves.  Not that it will be any use when they stand so painfully close to each other.

"Here to gloat, Monarch Butterfly?" the clown-themed Best Jest snarls, using the media's insipid misinterpretation of her costume as a clumsy insult.

"Gloat?" Fae Queen never gloats over things not her doing.  It is not her style, not that the fools ever really understood her or her ways.  'C-List' Villain they claim her to be, as they never found proof of her own deeds and some they attributed to that hack Eternal Night who was eager to lay claim to anything imaginable.  He would claim to had caused the fall of Eden if he could.  "How presumptuous.  I am not here to gloat, nor am I here to mock or deride or any other word you deign to claim are my actions."

"Then why are you here?"  Atom, the robot with nuclear cannons, is more humane and polite than many humans. Fae Queen approves.  If only it would be so easy to copy the man-made being but no all copies made regardless of whether they are by the villain Skullbrain or the hero Egghead wind up going maverick and feral.

"To offer my support and aid, of course."  Her answer is true an the reactions are amusing.  A slight mocking smile tilts up as they bluster and claim her a liar.  "I have the power to ease his suffering if he wishes.  I also have the power to lay waste to those who claim him weak, coward, or a liar.  Whichever aim he so desires is Midnight's to request."

Atom and the heroine Hestia share a look.  Hestia speaks up first before another fool can try her patience.  "I am sure that Doctor Midnight would appreciate the offer, Madame Butterfly, but... may we ask why you wish to?"

Fae Queen nods.  "You may."

Everyone waits.

Hestia finally asks directly.  "...Why?"

Fae Queen's smile is not sharp or soft.  It simply is a baring of teeth.  "I do not care for the public.  The fools who claim that someone suffering from their own mind to be a liar or 'looking for attention'.  The true liars who claim to only care after a person because it gets themselves attention for being 'good people' but do nothing to actually help.  People are needy, crude, and hypocritical.  Who spurn those who do so much for their own safety without a second thought.  I doubt I will ever understand your need to shelter them when they lash out so easily on those they place on pedestals.  Call it spite or call it whatever you wish, the offer is open and will not be taken away."

"Doctor Midnight would not want your help," Best Jest spits out.  "Not from a petty criminal like you."

"I think that is my call, Jest.  Queen?"  The heroes freeze at the voice.  Doctor Midnight.  Fae Queen would find it amusing if it did not involve herself.  The heroes may have been talking behind his back as though they knew what he desired, but Fae Queen herself was there to make an offer.

"Midnight."  The villain turns to face the topic of the day.  Doctor Midnight looks... the impenetrable dark shadows the hood manifests makes it hard to gauge his expression, but his posture is tense.  "What is it you desire?  If it is within my power, it is yours.  Revenge or salvation."

Doctor Midnight is quiet for a painfully long time.  From the way his head shifts and his posture changes ever so slightly, Fae Queen can only imagine that he his thinking over her offer.  "Revenge or salvation, hmm?  You offer assistance?"

"I do."  The heroes half-forgotten are yelling things at them.  Liar, lies, don't listen to her, deceiver...

"Can you help out?  With heroics.  Your powerset always would be perfect for a hero."

Fae Queen mulls over the idea.

"Doctor Midnight why are you offering a two-bit criminal like Monarch to be a hero?!" Best Jest, as always, is the voice of idiocy.

"Because none of you ever took my reports on her seriously.  'Midnight, she's a petty thief.'  'Midnight, she's got a little flame and illusion sparkles but that's it.'  I told you that Fae Queen is under the influence of a magical artifact that alters her mental state.  She does not think in terms of good or evil but in debts and how far the truth can be strained before breaking.  She's here making me an offer... because she feels indebted.  Isn't that right?"

The villain is honestly surprised.  She was unsure if the hero had told anyone her chosen name or anything about her.  It made things easier on her plans but it was rather frustrating to be derided and ignored.  "I would not say indebted but the stupidity of the masses is galling.  But one could say that halting the Invasion from Starok would have me in your debt.  After all I live in this world just as the blind fools that you so willingly save."

"Good.  So, will this just be during my sessions or a blanket statement until I fully recover?"

The news the following week would be amusing if she wasn't so busy.  Emblazoned on the front page was an image of the hero and villain fighting side-by-side against Skullbrain. \[Villainess turned Heroine?  Or are Doctor Midnight and the Monarch Butterfly an item?\]