For once in a long while, all was quiet on the front. There was no gunfire, no hover tanks rolling over the trenches, no men desperately filling in the holes of the makeshift barricades of sandbags and instant-dry cement. To some, the fresh bloods and the newcomers, it was their first break in the madness of it all. To the rest, it was just another marking of the passage of time. The sun and the moon of the planet meant nothing to the humans stationed on the frontline, after all; the planet's name of "X-12-DN-321" was just galactic coordinate mumbo jumbo to them. They tracked their time spent on this microscopic corner of the universe by how often they could sit down and tie their shoelaces, cook their MREs, and have a good long minute to breathe in the air.

Private Morrison plopped down on a crate of munitions, pulling out a crushed energy bar from her front pocket. Crushed, flattened, and flavorless to her dulled senses, the bar disappeared from her fingers in an almost robotic manner. Only when the wrapper fell to the ground did she notice that she was not alone on the crate.

"Morrison? You still alive?" rang a creaky voice.

"Sergeant Sullivan, Sir?" Morrison responded almost immediately.

"Holy. Shit. The FNG lives but not the rest of the god damn squad."

"Uh, FNG, sir?"

"Stands for Fucking New Guy. What, they send you out of bootcamp with a diploma in stupidity? Or maybe dumb luck, considering you're still in one piece?"

"Sorry sir, it's been a long day. Haven't slept at all, sir."

"You can drop the sir, Morrison. In this trench rank barely matters." Sullivan pointed to the half-rotten corpse sitting a few feet away from the crate. "That right there is supposed to be Captain Presley, officer in charge of us sorry lot. Good work that officer academy did for him."

The pair of soldiers fell silent as they gazed upon the corpse. Or rather, the corpses, as the bodies of their fellow squad mates littered the remainder of the trench visible to their eyes. A bloody sight to behold to any man or woman, but to the two of them the fighting had gone on long enough for the bodies to blend in with the scenery.

An eerie calm took over the mood of the moment as the wind died down and everything ground down to motionless. The unnatural aura only served to highlight what came next; a deafening roar of war horns coming from miles deep behind the two. As the bellowing instruments echoed out their final screams, a war cry could be heard. Synchronous and blasting, the voices carried over the battlefield reverberated with emotion so powerful all who heard the chant felt it in their hearts as well.

The universal translators instantly processed the thundering battle cry.

"DEATH TO THE BOOPERS!"

Morrison swallowed her spit and softly spoke.

"All of this, just because Ambassador Crocker couldn't keep his hands in his pockets. Kind of fucked up when you think about it."

"Yeah, rightfully fucked, Morrison. Let's hope we live long enough to make jokes about this bullshit."