"Good morning Mr Dale. You are now my apprentice in fire magic"

"you forgot my title lad"

"No I am not, I am your teacher now, I might be a journeyman, but you are below me now, not a grandmaster. Call me teacher Watt"

"Grr.. ok fine, good morning teacher Watt"

"Great, now let's start with our first lesson. Tell me how much fire magic you can do right now?"

"I can do a spark, it seems I could not make anything bigger than a spark. It feels like my attunement towards water makes me unable to produce fire."

"Interesting, can you produce the spark to me?"

"Ok"

Mr Dale tried to use mana to fuel the fire magic but only spark comes out

"Hmm that is not even level 1 spark , more like level 0." Can you increase the your mana ouput?"

Mr Dale used massive amount of mana that made him glow, but at the end, only sparks produced

"Oh wow, I don't think I have that much mana right now, and yet you only produce a spark. In some sense that is amazing. To be honest, I don't think you have talent in fire magic."

"Well, maybe you cannot find the answer about my problem as you are only a journeyman, I will look for another teacher then."

"Just wait a minute, you asked for a teacher and I will try my best to help you. You know, while I am a journeyman in fire magic, I also learned an ancient art, people call it science. It is an art from long lost civilization."

"Bah, what is good about science? I read it before. They are just a bunch of things with very big limitations. We can recreate science with magic. That is why it was forgotten"

"Not really Mr Dale. Do you know that science can help you to develop your fire magic?"

"You really mean it?"

"Yes I mean it"

"Then please teach me teacher Watt"

"Good, now create drunken drinks"

"Why drunken drinks? You want to drink this early in the morning?"

"No, just watch"

Mr Dale summoned water and then turned it into drunken drinks. This is why no one bother with science anymore. Water can be turned into any kind of drinks, sweet drinks, drinks with bubble, or drunken drinks. No need to process anything anymore.

"Now Mr Dale, throw it at that dummy test over there"

Mr Dale threw it, "and?"

"Use your spark to that dummy"

Mr Dale skeptical about it, but he did it anyway, suddenly the dummy burned brightly

"What in the name of magic is this? Why my spark turns into big flame?"

"Science Mr Dale. Drunken drinks has property that can makes flame bigger, even your spark will turn into big flame depending how many drunken drink you pour. Now, since you are grandmaster in water, it will not be hard for you to produce those drunken drinks in massive amount and create sea of flame from it."

"Amazing teacher Watt, science is amazing"

After this lesson, grandmaster Dale now becomes famous flame master and a chef, since any monster he killed becomes delicacy, the burned drunken drinks enhance the flavour of the meat.