Sampson felt the tip of his blade hit the earth. It was too heavy to hold aloft anymore. His right arm was bleeding and numb, his left arm was not suitable for fighting with, seeing as it was a twisted mass of tentacles blessed to him by unholy might. His body weight shifted as he went from wielding his sword to resting against its pommel. It touched a deep pain that made him smile. It reminded him he was alive ... for now.

Across from him strode the victor. Crisp white suit stood apart from the blown out battlefield of dirt blacks, charred blacks and a few odd luminous purple blood stains. The deity stopped a few yards shy of the fallen warrior in respect for his impressive speed and reach even though the man stood no hope against the myth.

"You did better than I'd hoped." came the seraphic voice. He (and the pronoun was an assumption, not a given) daintily trapesed away, moving from body pile to body pile. He stopped at the corpses who had fallen over Sarah's body during her last stand. Every ounce of Sampson's frame ached to move on his foe before they could reach her but the mortal knew that if his legs shifted a single muscle he would simply fall flat on his face.

"We--" Seria paused, coughing up blood. "We still fell short." She lamented. The life had long since left her eyes but now the enchanted suit of armor that was holding her alive slumped and then fell forward with a deep, sickening thud. 

"Seria! No!!" Sampson howled as he ignored every instinct in his body and tried to move forward. Two steps. He made it farther than he thought he would have. Still not close enough to reach out and remove his wife's gauntlet to touch her hand. His howls turned to anguish and he writhed, turning over on to his back. 

The warrior witnessed as the Man in White held aloft the infinite ice of the Abyss; Sarah's chosen weapon. "Nooo... you all succeeded beyond my wildest dreams. You destroyed them all." 

"Still you stand!" Sampson cried out, baffled by this enigma. He drew from Seria the gem and the armor came with it. "We ransacked the Halls of the Titan for that but it failed against your army. Still you taunt us as victors."

"Oh, no. You were never going to win." came a chiding reply. "But I know of your exploits. I know what you did to get here. You toppled the pillars of the Fundamentals. You traveled to the distant future and the far flung past. You even made a pact with an evil far more ancient than I." 

The voices in Sampson's head finally cleared. For the first time in months he was alone with only his thoughts. He realized why when his head fell to the side and he witnessed the tentacles of the Void slithering from his body and forming a blade for the being, now clad in Seria's armor. A single sentence was uttered before the everlasting cold exploded into giant wings, carrying the figure aloft.

The silence was deafening, his ears were ringing, but he knew the words that were spoke.

"I'm coming father."