"4,212."

There are several things wrong with that that bear mentioning, first and foremost being my daughter is a little over three years old. She hasn't learned to count that high. I turn back to her. "I'm sorry, sweetie, 4,212 claws?" "Yes," she croons, "And more on the way."

Well. This is going to be a bigger problem than I expected. "You stay right there, honey, I'm going to call grandma, okay?" As I reach back for my phone over on the counter, my daughter's tiny hand latches onto my finger. "You don't want to do that," she giggles.

"What do you mean? What's the pro-?"

"You never want to talk to grandma, Mommy," she jumps in. "Talking to grandma makes you sad, and you shouldn't be sad. You two never got along too well."

"That's no- that's not true, honey." Oh it's hella true, but there's no reason she needs to know that. "I love Grandma." That's not as blatant of a lie, at least.

My daughter shrugs. "No skin off my back either way. But why consult the apprentice when you have the expert at your fingertips, 'Mommy'?"

I froze. Hard as it is to believe, everything up until this point felt mundane. Routine even. Most children have imaginary friends at one point or another. They're usually harmless, so much so that there's rhymes for how to treat them. If it's a fairy, be merry. If it's a monster, you don't want her. If it's a demon... no. Fuck no.

"You're not my daughter, are you?" I think I say that out loud, but even if I don't, it doesn't make a difference.

"No sweetheart," the voice in my daughter's body clips back, "I'm not."

I inhale sharply. "And I take it a monster chant isn't going to work on you?"

"Oh I love those!" the voice booms, "Do you know any new ones? My favorite is 'From beyond you came so far, now get ye back from where ye are.' That one's from 1758 but I like to keep it classy."

This can't be happening. This can't. The chances of a demon are so minuscule. It's negligible. Sure, the kids still do demon drills in school and all priests and ENTs are required to know EPR (Exorcism Precision Restoration), but it makes the news when it happens. Not usually for the right reasons though.

"Are you going to try a monster chant or what?"

I shake my head and I can't stop shaking it. "No. No I'm- Fuck! I'm gonna-"

"Watch your language, will you? There are children present. Well, at least partially."

"I'm going to," I'm scrambling and the demon knows it. "I'm going to..."

"...Call your mother?" it finishes.

And it clicks in my head. How can I forget? The most terrifying part of all this. Or maybe the most comforting? Because you tend to know something is up when you grow up in a broken home. You know things aren't right when your mother screams that everything is your fault, that it could have been different if not for you. You know things are really wrong when she denies ever saying such things in the first place. You know that nastiness doesn't come from nowhere. And after all, wouldn't nastiness just seek more nastiness? And you know it's wrong, oh so so so SO so wrong, when you hear your mother's voice intermingled with your own every time you yell at your daughter.

Who doesn't love the familiar? So when the affirmation comes, it's like rainwater. Cold wet miserable refreshing cocktail.

I look back at my daughter's body and the visitor. The visage transposed across my sweet little girl's face is snide and biting. Cynical to say the least. It is more like my own than I care to admit. So I ask it:

"How does the last part of the rhyme go again, pal? I seem to have forgotten it."

"What the monster chant?" it smirks. "'Now get ye back -"

"You know what I mean!" I snap. "If it's a fairy be merry, if it's a monster you don't want her, if it's a demon..."

The demon smirks harder.

"If it's a demon..."

A soft chuckle comes from my daughter's throat. "If it's a demon," it continues, "check the tree, man."

"The family tree."

"Damn straight."

"Hi Dad."

"Hey kiddo."

"So is Mom a demon too?"

It smiles sadly, bordering on sincerely, as if it's about to say something it genuinely regrets. But then it says nothing at all, and I know any answer would just tell me what I already knew, what the rhyme told us about evil from the moment we could speak. Check the tree, man.