"I think you missed." I taunt him, knowing full well the spell hit me dead on. "Happens to the very best. Or so I've been told." I shrug. " Want to give it another go?" Sarik grinds his teeth, and summons an orb of lightning this time.       
       
I could dodge it. I could have my sword in his throat before he finished summoning his spell. I could have ended this battle the second it started. But that would miss the point of this exercise. So I let him cast his spell. The crackling electricity sound like a startled flock of a thousand birds as he casts it at me.      
        
I don't shift. I don't dodge. I don't even move, letting the ball of thundering hate wash over me and dissipate. Watching the face of the king go from triumph, to confusion to fear is remarkably satisfying, I must say. "So, have we started yet? " I ask, mid yawn. The crowd jeers me. Well, at least some things don't change.       
         
"What trickery is this?" He shouts, and I just smile. "Come now, your majesty. Surely the greatest mage in the world wouldn't be stumped by, what did you call it, 'a mere parlour trick'?" My smile only widens with the increased jeering. "So, I'll tell you what. If you manage to inflict any damage on me, I will forfeit. My win condition remains the same." I can see the vein in his forehead balloon in size. He always hated being looked down on.     
       
Suddenly, he stops, throws his head back and starts laughing. I wonder if he finally lost his sanity. "Of course! It so simple! You've woven elemental nullification into your armour!" A clever idea, though not a viable one. Nullification magic has a misleading name- it doesn't actually nullify, just disperses the mana by applying the inverse resonance. Two downsides are that metal is required for the generation of said inverse, and that it tends to deform and shatter as a result of it.           
         
I nod. " It's a good thought, but I'm clearly only wearing leather armour. Try again for a copper?" He ignores me and casts Serenity Blade- a highly advanced spell with no elemental components. If his guess was correct it would slice me into ribbons.       
      
If.        
          
"Told you." I retort at the utter shock of everyone in the arena. "Now,  your majesty, I'm going to rip your tongue out through your throat, then take your throne, your wife and your kingdom." I smile, genuinely smile, as I say that. It's been so long since I did that. "After all, magic-less or not, I'm still your older brother."