
In the silence of the hotel room only the noise of a ceiling fan and the news on the TV would cut through.

"...I'm Johnathan Vaughn to channel six with breaking news, bringing you the last updates on the Grand Canyon penny rain disaster…"


"But those are all quarters and…"


"Did you seriously expect channel six to report anything remotely accurate with any resemblance of truth at all!?"


And a third one interjected:


"Shut up! Let the accountant do the damn accounting."


"Oh, why don't you shut up! It was just a simple statement, those are clearly quarters!"


"ThoSE ARe clEarLY qUaRTeRS…"


"You… Stop imitating me!"


"But that's exactly you! That's how dumb you sound!"


Unfortunately, just like that, now it's but the silence that can't cut through all the tit for tat talk.


The good news is the accountant seemed completely focused and unaffected by those two brother's scuffle. 


"You done?"


At the corner of the table, right beside the accountant, breaking in cold sweat for being guilty as charged, was Tom. If he'd at least known the purse he'd be lavishly using this entire time was not the infinite bag of quarters, but the definitely infinite bag of infinite quarters, he would've been a lot more careful and a lot less stupid. Or maybe just a tad bit more careful. It's Tom, you never know.


For starters he shouldn't even be playing with and abusing the power of legendary items and suchlike in broad daylight at the gray world.


"I'm sorry, what? I can't hear you. I don't understand…"


As the two dwarf brothers, Dimlit and Dimwit, kept their yapping as loud as possible, the poor little accountant seemed to be making an effort just to be heard.


"For the last damn time, shut up"!


The screaming old man shutting everyone down in the room was probably the one who was most concerned about their current predicament.


"How much is it gonna cost us? Are you finally done with your calculations"?


The wizard said it with a tinge of acute financial anxiety, after all he was Tom's master, teacher and legal supervisor of their economic liability of an entourage: It was him, Cornelius, the reckless, and his apprentices; Tom, the unwise; Dimlit, the annoying and Dimwit the erm… well, the not so bright. What a true power combo.


"I finished those calculations more than ten minutes ago! But every time there's one or two seconds of silence for me to speak out, someone's got to cut me off!"


Bad news, scratch that good news. He was deeply affected.

You see, a little fellow like him was sure to have some difficulties standing up for himself, or for standing out at all. 

Dratwacula was of a rare and proud lineage of draconic bats, known for their accounting and legal counseling abilities, their cute, tailor made luxury suits, their dragon-style cookouts and occasionally some money laundering and embezzlement scandals.


"For your luck, you were fast enough to contact the reseller, with proof of purchase of your extended warranty, and that was enough to cut the supply in time. Just barely still within the cover of your insurance plan. The manufacturer explicitly stated a whooping limited output of a bit more than 5.000.000 quarters per minute, which would eventually cause enormous environmental hazards, disasters and some monstrous inflation. Jesus, I don't think more than a million and a half coins total get minted in a day!"


"So we were almost at the point of no return?"


Tom's cold sweat started to turn into ice.


"Very much close, although I'm sure because of you and your master there'll be some major policy changes to all of our current plans on offer. That means you guys don't get no second chances"


The clear threat and the angry tone could come out a lot more threatening if he wasn't such a cute little critter in his tiny and tidy, Italian suit.


"But you still gotta pay the bill for the time resetting service taxes necessary to fix all this mess. That's not covered! And before you ask, no, you can't pay in US dollars… or quarters"


"We'll pull it through somehow, I promise you we'll pay every cen…"


The wizard tried to pull his best front, but was cut off shortly. That was the little guy's revenge on him for standing him up for more than ten minutes.


"Ounce of gold and/or power gemstones"


"Oh… right! no dollars accepted"


That was another obvious remark Dimwit made 


Oh… rIGHt! nO DoLLaRS acCEPteD…"


And that was followed by his brother Dimlit's imitation of him.


Anyone could see Cornelius visibly wincing.


Dammit Tom, all because of you we're gonna be on a shoestring budget during the whole duration of our apprenticeship program!


Well at least they weren't completely hopeless…


yet.