The heavy crack of thunder shot through the sky. I choked as my eyes snapped open. A heavy sense of urgency fell over me. My adrenaline spiking. Something was wrong. I leapt from my bed and barreled down the hall. Of all nights...

I opened my daughter's door. Panic swelled from underneath me, when I didn't see her in her bed. Had they already taken her?

"Dad?" A small voice from the closet called.

"Lauri?" I rushed over the the closet, ripped opened the door and practically melted with relief. She was sitting on the floor of her closet, her hair in messy braids, and once brown eyes glowing blue.

"Babydoll?" I whispered.

"There's someone outside the house," Lauri whispered.

My stomach dropped, and the I felt them too. The beating hearts and breaths of people out in the storm. I swallowed.

"Okay," I said, "Remember that bag I told you to pack when Mom died?"

She nodded.

"Grab it, and meet me out side."

The next 15 minutes were a hectic blur of grabbing our emergency kits and running to get dressed. Clothed in black jackets, dark pants, and strong comfortable boots, we made a break for the broken down old truck we had. I opened the passenger side door, and pushed Lauri in, shoving my bag on top of her. Then I jumped into the driver's side, not having the time to check if Lauri was buckled in. We drove away into the night.

"Dad?" Lauri said.

"Yes, Lauri?" I said.

"Are they going to take you away? Like they took mom?"

 "Not if I have a say in it."

The ground in front of us suddenly erupted in a bright burning explosion. The world became silent as the truck flipped over. The muffled sounds, of shattering glass, twisting metal, and screams the only thing grazing my ears. Somehow I was thrown out of my seat, and struck the cold muddy ground. Everything hurt. The smell of burning and fresh spilt blood filling my nose. I had to get up, but the world was spinning to fast. 

"Dad!!!!!"

Lauri...

I immediately, snapped my head up and turned towards her shriek. A shriek of cold chilling fear. I found my little girl, pinned down and with a gun pointed to her head. Blood dripping down her face from a cut on her forehead. The Blond woman that was holding her down, was one I had hoped to never see again.

"Hello James," the Blond purred.

"Let her go, Molly," I growled.

"Oh, you are not in the position to make demands, James. I'm the one with the power in this conversation."

"You want to see power?"

She shook her head, and cocked the gun, "Be careful, James I'd hate to slip up and kill this lovely little specimen. She might become more powerful then even you one day."

"She is not a specimen! She has nothing to do with this. Let her go!"

"Nothing? Last I checked she inherited your enhancements. Which makes her our property, just like you are. We can what we see fit with her."

"We are not your property!"

"Oh really? Who made you into what you are? We did. We made you into the worlds perfect defender."

"You kidnapped me. You turned me into a weapon. I didn't want to be that."

"You are a soldier, you have no wants other then to serve your people. Now, be a good little Asset and come back to us. Maybe the higher ups will be gracious and let you keep her for a few more years."

"And then what, take her away? To be made into what I was forced to be? She's only 12! A Child! You can't call yourselves the heroes if you do what you did to me to that little girl."

"Heroes sacrifice things, James. It's how the the world works."

"It's not sacrifice if your the one doing it. It's murder."

"Oh, shut up," She pointed the gun at me and pulled the trigger.

I felt the bullet, tear through my throat. Blood filled my lungs as my breaths turned into desperate gurgles.

"Dad!!!!!"

"You know, maybe it is time we start from scratch," Molly said.

I died, mourning the death of my daughter, instead of my own. Tears for her fate staining my face. I love you Lauri. Me and your mom, are always with you. 

\----

I tried. Okay. And sorry this was late!