Iyara overflows with magic. It saturates and flows through everything. From the least of insects to the greatest archmage, from nightlace leaves to the fabled highland storms, nothing is left untouched.   
  
Besides Rina.   
  
*Just a spark! Just one!*  
  
With a sigh, Rina set down the sparker, and began rummaging for her flint. Starting a fire in the oven was supposed to be easy. Mages could just will one into existence, but even her kid cousin could use a sparker to start a fire. Something her dear aunt couldn’t let her forget when she went to tend the brat.   
  
“Make sure Jamie doesn’t burn down the house Rina. Make sure Jamie doesn’t expend the magic in the whisper rocks Rina. If you need us, bring Jamie over to the neighbors. They know how to use sparkers and whispers and -”  
  
With a final furious slam Rina’s handmade sparks finally found purchase. She tried to shelve her frustration. They didn’t mean to treat her like an idiot or invalid, probably. She was just hard to imagine.   
  
Rina knew how the devices were supposed to work. Everyone did. They were easy enough to use that children could accidentally activate them. Inexplicably though, Rina didn’t have the gift of magic. Not a single drop. Sure, some things like wands took special training but anyone’s “innate magic” could fuel devices like sparkers. Even others who were ‘magically inert' like Hobb could work as guards, or bakers.  
  
Not Rina though. She couldn’t activate restraints, and was told she’d be a liability. She couldn’t heat or chill pastries, and was told customers would be too impatient for her work arounds. She was seriously considering moving to the countryside to *farm* but with her luck, scarecrows probably ran on magic.   
  
A commotion outside shook Rina from her sulking. The thundercrack wasn’t followed by the gentle patter of rain, but by frantic shouting.   
  
By the time Rina made it outside to investigate, the city guard were in formation, staring down a gods-damned *sorcerer*. Lightning coursed around the figure, dancing across his shoulders, from staff to outstretched fist. It moved like something alive in his grasp, lashing out at any of the guards and bystanders who found themselves too close. Rina paid it little mind, scarcely noticing the peculiar smell of lightning magic. This was Hobb’s unit, and she didn’t see him.   
  
She did see a scorch mark on the cobblestones, and the smoldering figure against the storefront opposite her home.   
  
She didn’t hear Hobb’s captain yelling at her as she crossed the street in a daze. She didn’t feel the lightning dance across her skin as she came too close to the murderer. She didn’t feel anything through the shock of seeing the only other inert she knew reduced to… that.   
  
An errant tendril of lightning streaked off of her and hit Hobb’s remains, scoring the stones behind and beneath him with another trail of black. Furious, Rina grabbed Hobb's lightning scarred sword, and spun on the sorcerer. Rather than his sneer, she was greeted by the *storm* he had conjured. It filled the street, engulfed her, and she still felt nothing. 

Everyone knew to stay away from monsters like this one. When magic got involved, nothing was left untouched.   
  
Nothing besides Rina.