The old wooden distillery sign in the old district creaked from the wind, rain, and rust. The aged red brick building always looked abandoned, yet you'd never find it listed in any real estate catalog or holdings list. The corroded doors always appeared locked, and the distorted glass in the windows was coated so thick with the years of grime that they may have well been painted black.

No one was ever seen entering or leaving the old distillery, though that was hardly noteworthy. Anyone in their right mind (and even a few in their wrong minds) did their best to avoid the old district. Only the dregs and the desperate were to be found here, most often either dead or wishing they were. With cold blustery rain today, even they were taking a day off.

Within the cloud-darkened shadows next to an old wooden barrel was a main half-sitting, half laying up against the building. The old and tattered black brimmed hat he wore did its best to keep the rain from his face but did little more than provide a small waterfall down onto a similarly old and tattered trench coat. Both were soaked by the drenching rains that didn't seem to want to let up. The only evidence to show that he wasn't dead was occasionally, if you looked closely enough, you see a small puff of steam breath escape from under the hat.

The clatter of tumbling trash cans and the slosh of uneven footsteps in puddling water arose from an alleyway across from where the man in black lay. The man did not move. The staggering steps drew closer, and soon the haggard form of a man appeared, one hand clutching his damp chest and the other fist clenched tightly by his side. His eyes darted wildly around as if searching for an attack. He saw the man in black and took a step towards him. The man's strength failed and he fell into a shallow puddle on the pock-marked pavement.

The man struggled up into a crawl and continued toward the man in black, grunting with the effort. The man crawled up beside the man in black, gave one last gasp, and rolled onto his back, eye staring at nothing. The man's left hand fell into the lap of the man in black and opened revealing two crumpled pieces of what looked like paper.

Silence fell again, save for the sound of the creaking sign and the rain. The man in black remained still, the dead man at his side. The rain pelting the crumpled paper caused it to fold outward like a blooming flower, while the other unkinked into a picture of a young woman. On the paper, there was nothing but a hastily scribbled picture. A picture any drunkard would recognize even if you woke them from a drunken stupor. It was the sigil of Moore's Irish Whiskey, the cheapest bottle of rotgut that could be had anywhere in the city.

The wind picked up for a moment along with the rain. Another downpour. When it finally let up again, the dead man remained where he fell, the wound in his chest now fully revealed by the washing rains.

The man in black was nowhere to be seen.

\*\*\*

A short thin man walked into what appeared to be an office but was surrounded by old distillery equipment. The Order had never seen fit to remove any of the old equipment, and personally, he found it both comforting and intriguing at the same time. The old incandescent lights that he preferred also lent a creamy orange glint to the stainless steel making it almost look like a bright bronze. This had a tendency to make his now silvery hair look more like the golden-brown of his younger days during the more...active part of his career.

He sat down behind the old walnut desk and frowned. In the middle of his laptop's keyboard were two damp pieces of paper. One was a picture of a young woman. The other drew his immediate attention.

"Moore's Irish Whiskey," he muttered to himself and shook his head. "I didn't need this today."

"We do not make promises for their convenience, Gin," a voice said from the shadows.

Gin looked up. "Whiskey, there is no need for your theatrics here. Least of all if this is what it really appears to be."

Whiskey melted out of the shadows and into the warm glow of the incandescent lights. "It is."

"Are you absolutely certain?"

"The man bleed out next to me on the sidewalk outside."

Gin reached down and pressed a button on his desk. "Street Sweeper. Front. One pass." He sat down in the chair and sighed. "You knew this man?"

"I did."

"Personally?"

Whiskey said nothing. Gin narrowed his eyes. After a moment, he leaned forward.

"Do you fully understand what this means?"

"I do."

"And you realize that the Order will not provide any sanctuary or services for this?"

"I do."

"And you're doing this for free"

"If I had a desire for more money, I would simply kill you and take it."

"Fair point," Gin nodded, then leaned back in his chair staring at the ceiling in thought. Whiskey was his best assassin. No, scratch that. Whiskey was THE best assassin. Period. But even the best have their limits. Gin doubted it could be done even if he sent every assassin under his command in the distillery out on the hunt.

"Are you sure I can't change your mind?"

"A promise is a promise."

"People break promises all the time."

"We don't."

Gin threw up his hands in frustration. "Fine! Have it your way!" He got up from his chair and pushed a different button on his desk.

"Distribution," A woman's voice said over the speaker.

"Production issue. We're going to be short on whiskey for the next 7 days. No whiskey in or out. Adjust rum and vodka production to make up for the shortfall."

"Will do," she said and disconnected. Gin raised his head and opened his mouth to say something to Whiskey, but the room was empty. He blew out a sigh and sat heavily back in his chair.

"Bastard," he muttered, reaching for the desk drawer that contained his favorite gin. He poured himself a small glass and took a sip. "If he wasn't so damn good I'd have buried his ass a long time ago."

He put the glass down on the desk and reached for his laptop...and kept reaching. He reached out his hands to stop himself but his arms wouldn't respond. The room felt like it turned upside down as he flopped down to the floor onto his back. He lay there, staring helplessly at the ceiling as his breathing became increasingly sluggish.

Poisoned. He would have laughed if he could. So much for avoiding an assassin's death. He had gotten sloppy in his old age. Then his eyes fell upon the desk drawer that had the gin. Under the handle, scratched ever so slightly into the wood, was a sigil. Moore's Irish Whiskey.

"Well shit," he thought to himself as the world started to go black. "Now we're really f...". He thought no more.