
“Hey babe, have you seen the vacuum cleaner?” I called out from the closet. 

“No. Did you check the laundry room?” Carol replied.

“Yeah, it’s not there. Huh. It’s like it up and vanished.” 

Weird things had been happening ever since we moved into our new home. For example, one day an order of sixteen 10 oz filet mignon arrived addressed only to “Master” which struck me as altogether creepy. I figured maybe the previous owner had a subscription service they forgot to forward—and a weird master kink for that matter, though who am I to “yuck” someone’s “yum”? I put the steaks in the freezer and didn’t think much of it. That is, until that evening when I noticed my dog, Bruce, was wearing a white linen bib and chowing down on two of the steaks. 

“Honey…did you give Bruce these steaks? And where did this bib come from?” I asked. 

“What? No. Very funny. I do love that you gave him a fancy bib though—cute touch.” She replied as she entered the kitchen.

“Seriously. I didn’t do this, Carol. How the heck did Bruce get these? Brucie boy,” a called to him, “how did you get this, huh?” I asked him as he wagged his tail and reluctantly picked his head away from his prized dinner. “Show me how you got the steak, bud.” Bruce, giving me a wide panting smile just looked over at a drool-covered lamp he had chewed on. 

“Oh, Bruce, you’ve gotta stop chewing on that, dude,” said Carol. “He keeps knocking that thing down and chewing on it. I wonder if the previous owner’s dogs did the same.” The lamp came with the house. It was the only thing left behind, but it looked kinda cool, and we figured “hey free lamp.” 

Bruce just stared at us both, tail wagging. He didn’t look guilty as he usually would when he’d gotten into something he wasn’t supposed to. (Side note: we know that Bruce has been naughty when he finds one of us, sheepishly saunters up, and nestles his head into the nape of our necks. That melt-your-heart sweetness generally signals that my living room is a war zone of fluff and mud.) He then looked more intently at the lamp, as if he wanted to play, and gave three curt barks. 

With a flash the lamp righted itself and out flowed a glowing green man. “Hello Master,” said the green man. “Oh…and hello masters of my master. I am Lemnor, Master Bruce’s genie.” 

“What the—how in the hell did Bruce get a genie?” I asked after I pulled my chin off the floor. 

“He freed me and I now live to serve him. He is a generous, and sweet master. A true good boy,” replied Lemnor.

“Now hold on a minute,” said Carol, I could sense her legal mind kicking in, “where do you get off latching yourself to a sweet dog like Bruce? Aren’t you genies notoriously nefarious, wish-switching con men just trying to be freed? Every wish has unintended consequences in the lore.”

“Ah, a fair critique from a fair master,” replied Lemnor. “But fear not. Our cunning matches only that of our master. When a genie is summoned forth by a pup such as Master Bruce, we have no choice but to be as pure-intentioned as he is in our wish fulfillment. That is to say, I’m here to provide Bruce his every wish, no strings attached.”

“Well that’s all fine and good,” I pipe in starting to catch my breath, “but Bruce is like a child. You can’t just give in to his very whim. If you do he’ll end up 500 pounds or he’ll get his stomach flipped. You can’t just give a dog all he can eat.”

“Another fine point from a fine master. You both have taken incredible care of Bruce to this point. Now, that’s my job. As I said, all of his wishes come with no strings attached, and that means no consequences. The good boy deserves to have his heart’s desires, and now he can without fear of vomiting or diarrhea or getting an itchy booty that he has to scrape across the ground to itch—unless of course, he wishes for that, which he has. Bruce gets what all good dogs deserve: all of the pleasures of life with none of the pain.”

Well. Who am I to argue with that. Our beautiful boy hit the doggo lottery, and he sure does deserve this. But…”hey did you throw out my vacuum, Lemnor?!” I shout. 

“Why yes. Master Bruce wished it.” 

“But what about the no consequences spiel? Me losing my vacuum feels like a consequence to me,” I replied.

“I mean, I had to throw that out. That thing is evil. It’s loud, and mean, and what if it gets him, Robert? Have you ever thought of that one? Huh? What if the vacuum ever caught up to Master Bruce? No, that thing is a danger to all dog-kind and it had to go.” Said Lemnor with a huff.

“Well, I guess I’ll have to figure out a way to clean the house that is less scary,” I replied.

“Oh, you don’t need to worry about that anymore,” said Lemnor. “Master Bruce’s primary wish is to spend as much time with his masters as possible. He just wants pets, and walks, and love, and affection. And so I must facilitate that wish. You no longer have to clean or work or go shopping or do any of the other trappings of modern life. Your only role is to give Bruce the attention and joy he deserves.”

And you know what? That is the most noble, joy-filled way I could have possibly lived my life. After all, during their time, we are a dog’s whole world. It is only fitting that Bruce would be ours.