I was sad. Miserable, even. Wandering through the streets, aimless and listless. Then I heard it.

"DEPRESSED!?"

Terrifying, bellowing voice, rippling through me, like a pond as if a flock of swans took flight.

"ANXIOUS?!"

Horrifically so, yet I turned to the dreadful ululations I felt.

"UNHAPPY!?"

Indeed I was, O strange being. It was wooden, with a long thing body that sprouted from the ground, and a flat rectangular head with fist-sized eyes that revolved like the world. The bottom of its head squeaked and creaked.

"WHY NOT BECOME AN AMORPHOUS ENTITY AND SHIRK THE CONFINES OF TIME AND SPACE?!"

The bellowing, sweet, rapturous bellowing... It crawled into my ears and wormed into my brain, flattening out and moulding itself into the folds, bleeding into the firing neurons of my pitiful grey matter.

"EMBRACE YOUR ELDRITCH NATURE TODAY!"

I didn't want grey anymore. I wanted red. Green. Blue. Sparkly yellow... a mosaic of colour. But this world was starved into pallid greys. Bled dry by things wearing human faces, sucking the souls out of the population and growing fat, skin ripping with bloated theft-swollen bodies.

Colour. I wanted colour. I wanted to feel alive again.

I want to be *alive*.

So I embraced it. I squeezed it out, like toothpaste. The vile things I was fed, the lies, the hypocrisies, the deceits. The black sludge of nothingness pooled out, squawking and burbling parroted views seen by those with no eyes, wild assertations fermented in the rotting heads of meat puppets, their ringing strings of sinew pulled by viscous gods in their towers lined with human suffering.

And once I was empty, I left the twisted empty shell that was forced upon me. I... had colour. I was me. I was *alive*. And my wooden friend, their joy showered upon me from their spinning orbs.

"THEY GROW UP SO QUICK!"

I left that world. I found a new one. And for once, I could breathe. I could see. I could feel everything around me. It was clean. Crisp.

&amp;#x200B;

Then the shrooms stopped working.