Anne: (Bright lights faded out as a woman came out of it and fell to pedestal) "Ouch ouch ouch.. I thought I am dead for sure.. Huh? Where is this?" 

???: (A cute petite girl went in front of Anne) "Welcome onii.. chan? Wait a minute, why our hero has boobs? It is quite small but she is clearly a woman"

Anne: (Anne shouts angrily) "What do you mean small boobs young girl!? And where am I??"

Gallahard: (A full armor bearded guy came) "Ahem, stop saying rude things Sophie. This is our hero, even if the prophecy was a bit off. Welcome to El Ciel, hero (bowing). My name is commander Gallahard. We summoned you to help us to beat the Demon Lord."

Anne: "Hello, my name is Anne. Beat demon lord? You mean this poor frail woman needs to fight for your world just because you summoned me?"

Gallahard: "Well.. we prepared girls as companions for the hero.. since we though the hero will be a boy. We hope the hero will be pleased with them and help us. Girls, come here!"

Trish: (Trish jumps and shakes Anne hand) "Hi hero! I am Trish, let's get along!"

Ami: (hides behind Gallahard) "Hi.. hero, my name is Ami, nice to meet you."

Sophie: "And there is me! Sophie, hi small boobs hero, yours is even smaller than a young girl like me"

Anne: "These three seems like have contradictory characters.. one is tomboy, one is shy, and another one is just rude brat"

Sophie: "Who do you said rude brat??? Hisss, you want a claw fight?"

Gallahard: "Sophie, stop this at once, she is still our hero. I am sorry hero, as I said before, our prophecy said it will be a boy.. not a mature woman like you"

Anne: "Well.. now you mention it, actually, before you summoned me, I was trying to save a boy from a truck. I thought I died, but then I got summoned here"

Gallahard: "truck? ... ... So, are you saying that boy is our hero?"

Anne: "well.. we have this hearsay that whoever being hit by a truck will be teleported to another world.  And will have superpower in the process. It seems that is not a hearsay, at least not the first part."

Gallahard: "superpower!! Such as?"

Anne: "I am not sure, super strength, super speed, super defense, magic, etc."

Gallahard: "then.. you must have it.. right?"

Anne: "I am not sure, I landed here for like what, 3 minutes?"

Gallahard: "here is my greatsword, can you pick it? It is as heavy as two cow."

Anne: "ah.. sure? (Picks up the sword) What do you mean two cows, this is as heavy as twig, too light."

Ami: "hero.. hero! She is hero that we were waiting!!" (Almost crying)

Gallahard: (looking disbelieve) "well I'll be damned, I am sorry for underestimating you. It seems it is true that you are our hero"

Anne: "well, it is ok, I didn't know either."

Gallhard: (kneeling) "our hero Anne, we are begging you to defeat the Demon Lord. He has been plaguing our land for 100 years now. People are suffering for far too long now."

Anne: "well what is it in for me?"

Gallahard: "Err.. how about three cute daughters?"

Anne: "In my previous world, I couldn't have daughter due to accident.. Ami looks like will be a good daughter. Trish also maybe ok. Sophie needs punishment to be a good girl."

Trish: (shyly) "Actually I don't mind.. I also likes woman."

Anne: (surprised face) "No thank you, but I am NOT into someone looks like 20 years younger than me"

Gallahard: "Or.. do you want males? Maybe someone like me?"

Anne: "No no, definitely not you, too much muscle. I am fine with three daughters then. Now tell me, do you have picture of the Demon Lord? I can't find them if I didn't know about them."

Gallahard: (shows 3d model of the Demon Lord from a stone.) "here he is, he is the strongest demon lord in the past 1000 years. Even out strongest warrior couldn't beat him"

Anne: "oh my my.. what a handsome guy, rugged look, fiery hair, tall too. he looks like.. my type"

Everyone except Anne: (surprised pikachu face) "Ehhh???"

Anne: "well, you asked me to DEFEAT the Demon lord right? Not killing him? You know, I have three kids now, and I need a new husband.."

Gallahard: (tries to calm down) "if that is your wish hero, as long the Demon Lord stops his rampage, I am fine with anything."

Anne: "Great, I can't wait to dominate him.. ahem, I mean to find a new husband for me. Kids, time to pack up, it is time to meet your new dad."