AITA for trying to rescue this smoking hot, crazy, babe from a monster?

Hey there… for some background, I (28M) am the best at everything, in my entire village. I’m sure you’re wondering: “How can he be the best AND look so smoking hot?” Believe me, fans, I’d tell you if I knew. [hot tip: start eating 4 dozen eggs every morning, bros. It helps you get large!]  ;-)

Anyways, being the best hunter, the best sportsman, the strongest, the sexiest… it gets hollow after a while if one doesn’t have the right lifestyle. Villagers have been gossiping lately that my companion (24M) and I are a little closer than friends. (Eww). Truthfully, I have just been so focused on my image to think about another person - ever. When I caught wind of those whisperings, though, I knew I couldn’t stay stag much longer. I asked my companion to start dropping hints that I am on the lookout for that “little wife” material woman and, you know, don’t be shy…

Ugh, immediately I got swarmed by cookie-cutter girls who I couldn’t even tell apart except for their dress colors. Yes, sure, it was excellent to have everyone fawning over my antler-based decorating, and all the men wanting to wrestle me (and lose - can’t help it if I get bitey, boys!). But none of these options held my interest beyond “hey she’ll do the job.” Not until Her (18F).

This girl was completely unlike everyone else in the village - she actually wasn’t from the village, so makes sense. She lived on the outskirts in some tiny, rickety, house with her old inventor dad. Don’t get me wrong, science is cool and all, but this man was making useless contraptions that nobody wants. Sorry/not sorry. But the girl… just wow. The thoughts that came out of her mouth were original. The insults she gave me felt like ingenious compliments for how hard they would be for anyone else to make up. Every time she belittled and rejected me, I felt honored to experience that intensity of intellect. I knew if I could just prove to her why I really am the best option for her out of everyone in the village, she’d give me a chance. I fell for her, friends, and my life would never be the same.  [skipping over the part where I staged our wedding outside her house because cringe. We all wish it didn’t happen, let’s be real]

Fast forward to some bullsh*t. Her crackpot old man decided to take his junk to a fair. Supposedly later he sent his horse back to get the girl. A few days later he came scrambling up to the pub in the snow, blathering on about how a beast took his daughter. My pride was hurt AF by the latest rejection so I told the man to shut up. But he KEPT. GOING. It was really worsening the mood. Beast, beast, beast, he said. We all knew what was really going on: the crazy old man lost his shit in the woods and killed her on accident. Finally me and some of my bros just threw him out. We were still trying to have a good time. We’d deal with him in the morning. 

Except now the girl came back! SHE was pissed at ME for her father’s condition! I wanted to be like “can you please apologize for standing me up at our wedding?” but I swear, I held it together. Then she ALSO started talking about a beast. Now I was going into alpha mode and started to worry about my villagers. We may not be educated or refined enough for this girl, but we know “beast” is not a friendly word. And also, I still had some feelings for this girl NGL. I worried she might be losing it like her dad so my inner protector came out. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 

Me and the boys grabbed our angry mob gear (hey, it’s 17th century Europe, everyone’s got it) and headed for the castle. We locked the girl and her dad in the looney cell … not my best moment but hey, we all make rash decisions when tensions are high. Still she somehow managed to break out, beat us there, and warn the beast. When I reached his hiding spot and was ready to take him out - what a fab hunting decoration he would add to my lodge - he avoided fighting me! &gt;:( I kept goading him on but he was depressed or something. It had been such a shitty week and I’d had so few wins lately that I didn’t care and I just kept hitting him. Nothing had gone my way lately.

Well, the girl reached us and the beast ran to her. Looks like she enchanted everyone. My heart broke and froze over. I’d really had it. I came up behind that beast and stabbed him. He swung his arm back and knocked me off the roof. 

As I fall to my sure death I find myself wondering, after everything, AITA?