"But... but I have fangs! I can drain your blood!" The monster said, bearing his fangs and hissing in what he probably thought was a menacing way. 

"Yeah, and the guy that tried to mug me last week had a knife. That also could drain my blood."

I kept walking down the dark path, hands jammed into my jacket pockets for warmth. I guess it made sense that the Vampire wasn't feeling the cold, being undead and all that. 

"But I can turn into a bat!" The monster said, launching into an impressive backflip and transforming at the peak of his acrobatics. "Isn't this scary?" 

"Dude, a bat caused the deaths of millions of people over the last few years" I said. "Where have you been, under a rock?"

"In a coffin, actually" the monster said in a squeaky imitation of his normal voice. "I got trapped in there by an unfortunate gardening decision." He shuddered briefly. "They decided to put a decorative lawn boulder in front of my door."

"Sounds like we had a similar 2020." I said, slowing my walk a bit. "We were all shut in our homes too, for the quarantine."

The vampire transformed back to his humanoid form, with much less fanfare. "So you couldn't leave your bed either?" He asked, skeptically. 

"I didn't gain that much weight... did I?" I hadn't stepped on a scale in quite some time, but I did slack a bit on my workouts during... 

"I guess I did stay in bed a lot more, yeah" I admitted. 

"How did you deal with the loneliness?" The vampire asked, stepping a bit closer for the sake of our conversation. He showed no ill intentions, just genuine curiosity. 

"Well, we've got this thing called 'the Internet', which lets us all talk and play and work together from far away" I explained. "I spent most of my time playing my Xbox and watching Netflix". 

The vampire tilted his head, confused. "please excuse my ignorance, I became a vampire in 1790. What is..." he gestured with a sweeping hand "All of that?"

I stopped walking entirely. "You really haven't kept up with things since you died." 

The monster looked away. If he had any blood inside, I swear he would have blushed. 

"When you're a vampire, you don't tend to make social acquaintances." he admitted, rubbing the back of his neck. 

I took pity on the creature. "Tell you what, come to my apartment. I'll show you some of the things you've been missing out on."

The vampire glanced up at me. "You would... invite me inside?" He asked tentatively. 

"Don't get any ideas, man" I said, holding open one side of my jacket to reveal a holstered pistol. "It might not be silver, but it is still lead."

The vampire chuckled. "I know what *that* is, at least. OK, take me to your lair."

We walked the rest of the trail, swapping stories from our lives. I explained recent global events to the creature, and he recounted his earliest memories of the new-founded country he once called home. 

We arrived at the apartment shortly after the trail had ended. I pulled out my key ring as I fumbled for the one for my apartment. 

"So you're now *Allied* with England?" The incredulous creature asked. 

"Yeah, pretty much our best friends really." I replied, unlocking the door and stepping inside. My roommate Kyle glanced up from his position on the couch, raising a lazy hand in a wave. 

"Kyle, this is Israel Putnam, Revolutionary War hero and current Vampire."

Kyle's gaze returned to the TV before him. "Sup?" He asked, reaching for his CostCo branded bucket of cheese poofs. 

"Kyle, we need to fill Mr. Putnam in on the last 230 years. Where should we start?" I asked. 

Kyle grunted in the typical "Idunnow" pattern, that was more musical than conversational.

"Well, how about we start with a documentary, or a history channel show, or-"

"How about Firefly?" Kyle said. 

"...ok, gotta start somewhere." I sat down on the couch next to Kyle, grabbing a beer from the mini fridge as I did. "Want a beer, Mr. Putnam?" 

"Thank you, but I cannot consume anything besides blood" He said, taking a seat on the opposite side of the couch. 

"Metal", Kyle said, offering his fist for a fist bump. 

Fortunately, I had already covered this gesture in the vampire's cultural education. 

The television swelled with the twang of a soulful country melody as the Firefly DVD menu came on screen. "See, Isreal, this story is about freedom, just like what you fought for..."

/r/SlightlyColdStories for more