I poured myself a hearty portion of mead before sitting down comfortably in my armchair. The weather outside was rather nice so I had the windows open, providing a nice gust of fresh air throughout the apartment. A good day to go. And a good day to enjoy the show.

15:03 ticked on the clock and a flash of light filled the room; where my table once stood was only a charred pile of wood on top of which stood Ah-Puch; a Mayan god me and my friends managed to piss off when we got together for drinks and... sort of messed around with some relics. In our defence, who would believe something like this would actually happen, right? He did not take kindly to such insolence and assured us all of our impending doom yet in his benevolence granted us all a year to settle our affairs.

Bad call.

See, most of my friends fell into a deep depression, but me? It's liberating. Ah-Puch is a god of Death so I *know* I can't die before he deems it so, meaning I can do *whatever I want* without any risk. And now that I know that the supernatural exists, well... I went on a bit of a bender. A carefully calculated one to maximize my enjoyment of my impending death.

"Samuel," Ah-Puch said, breaking me out of my reminiscing mood.

"Your lordship," I replied with a smile and tipped my drink to him.

"I see you are not running; an admirable quality. Unlike your friends, you accept your punishment at my hands."

"Well, who am I to argue with a god, right?" I chuckled.

"You are wise in your last words. Are you re-"

"Actually," I interrupted lightly, "if you wouldn't mind waiting *juuust* a second, I have some friends coming over that I'd love for you to meet."

Ah-Puch squinted his eyes at me but had no time to question me before a portal opened in a wall, out of which walked a tall man dressed in an intensely colourful outfit.

"Samuel, mon!" he yelled out jovially. "I'm glad ya' still here man! Been getting worried ya'd be runnin' an' - who dis?" he said as he noticed the other god in the room.

"Ah, you haven't met?" I smiled. "Baron Samedi, this is Ah-Puch. Ah-Puch, this is Baron Samedi. We've struck a little deal and-"

"Dat I've come to collect, dear Sam. Ya soul is-"

"Cease," Ah-Puch commanded loudly, "I care not for your frilly dealing. I have come to take this mortal to the underworld and"

"Now hold on mon," Samedi resisted, "I've-"

Another portal appeared; a piece of furniture came to life.

"Samuel/ğ»ğ‘¢ğ‘šğ‘ğ‘›," two voices said in perfect, unsettling unison, "we are/ğ‘ğ‘ğ‘šğ‘’ ğ‘¡ğ‘œ collect/ğ‘¡ğ‘ğ‘˜ğ‘’ your/ğ‘¡â„ğ‘–ğ‘  ğ‘ ğ‘œğ‘¢ğ‘™/essence- who/ğ‘¤â„ğ‘ğ‘¡-"

"Are dose conjoined fey?" Samedi said with surprise not befitting a god.

Two more portals. Looks like... ah yes, a crossroads demon and Apollo. The latter actually got me a really sweet chariot earlier this year.

"THE GOD OF SUN HAS- what?"

"Oh now hold ya twits, dis is-"

"ğ‘ƒğ‘Ÿğ‘’ğ‘ğ‘œğ‘ ğ‘¡ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿğ‘œğ‘¢ğ‘ /Impossible this is not/ğ‘›ğ‘’ğ‘£ğ‘’ğ‘Ÿ ğ‘-"

"This mortal's soul rightfully-"

The cacophony of mixed voices was akin to the sweetest song for me as I sipped my drink. The chaos was beyond enjoyable. I looked at my watch and an ever wider smile spread on my face; we should be getting a rather important guest about now.

A dark red portal appeared on the floor and the room went silent as two horns, followed by a tall, red-skinned figure in a sharp black suit rose from it.

"Samuel," said Satan, "I am here as per our- *oh what the* ***Hell!***"