"My real name is Frognacious Q. Fly, but everyone calls me Plap Plap" said the eight foot bipedal frog to my weary wartown band of warriors. Rico, who was never one to shy away, spoke up, "Why the fuck they call you Plap Plap?"

"It's the sound my feet make when I walk...or is it the sound of the gallons of blood dripping from the eviscerated guts of my enemies?!" Plap Plap got right up in Rico's face as he said this. He held his gaze there for a moment before breaking out in laughter. The tension he'd created just a moment ago had dissipated. The laughter faded. Plap Plap spoke again, "But nah, haha, it is cause of the blood. Where's the grub at?!"

We were all a bit confused at this monstrous marvel before us, but we were also intrigued. I mean, shit, what are these idiot Karlonians gonna think when they see us rolling up with an eight foot frog? And not only that, the amphibian is a stone cold killer. 

Within a few hours it was like Plap Plap had been there the whole time. Rico actually took to calling him Plaps for short. Before long, everyone called him that. 

Plaps told us how his home planet, Frogotopia, had been invaded by a horde of merciless Battletoads. He said they claimed to have come from the past, 1991 or some shit. After that, he joined our side, the Outnumbered and Outgunned Yet Plucky and Relentless Revolters of the Rebellion, or OOYPRRR. 

Plaps turned the tide of the war. He was an indestructible killing machine. Mowing down Karlonians at a record clip. After years of heavy offensives from our group, we broke through to the Empire of the Earthworms, the evil overlords of the mindless Karlonian monsters who had started this accursed war a millennia ago. The head emporer worm, I think his name was Jim, made the mistake of insulting ol' Plaps. And then, Plaps unfurled his tongue, the tongue that had slain ten thousand Karlonian cretins and countless lady frog bits, the tongue that had caught and consumed Flyballs the Large, the largest housefly in the universe, bigger than a Honda Civic, and Plaps devoured that motherfucker like a Triscuit! Oh, uh, anyway, he unfurled his mighty tongue and in a flash Jim had been consumed. The other emporer worms promptly shat their specially made worm pants. The war was over. It had been won by an eight foot bipedal frog. 

A year later we would make Plaps our leader. Emporer Plap Plap and his legacy would live on forever. Even after he crossed the Ribbit Bridge into Froghala his legacy still lived on through his son, Plapicus the Third. We never did find out why he was a third, I mean, Plaps and his old lady had only one son and like seven girls. Anyway, Plapicus was everything his dad was and more. He led our planet into unparalleled prosperity and success. 

As for me, these days I am but a weary traveler, combing the cosmos and spreading the tale of Plap Plap the Mighty. His tale will be mine to tell until the sun swallows our entire universe, which, last I checked is like next Tuesday so we did all that fighting kind of for nothing. But without it, we'd never have known the legend of Plap Plap. The end.