"Powers Curse them!"  I chuckled then, well that was actually what was about to happen.  I really hated that stupid title, and that I had dumbly agreed to this contract.  "Act as a fairy representative during any time spent within the kingdom of Slovachev and to come when called until such time as all parties are satisfied that the contract has been fulfilled."  Sounded so godsdamn simple.  I'm the most powerful super in the world, or at least I thought I was, all I had wanted was a little more control over my powers and mind.  Well I will say this for the fair folk, they certainly don't hold back on a deal.  I got what I asked for and then some.  My powers were completely my own now, my mind still drifted, still fractured, but it required a harder strike, something that truly rattled my emotions to do it.  Didn't realize what being their rep meant though.  Should've asked, but the bait was just too tempting and now I was here, in the frozen wasteland of Slovachev staring at a giant imposing castle.

I pulled their stupid rulebook out of it's pocket space.  "If the current royalty fails to invite the current monarch of the faeries and three of her ladies then a member of the court of darkness must arrive uninvited to curse the child."  I rolled my eyes, I'd been tapped for this assignment because the current court members were tired of doing it.  They knew they were hated and that just arriving would cause quite the backlash.  Of course my arrival wouldn't be taken much better.  Still it didn't mean I couldn't have some fun, faerie law was strict in adherence but often vague in detail.  They reserved that for contracts and negotiations.  So the question was, in uniform or not.  No I think crashing the place as a pauper would certainly be more to my taste.  I wanted to know what kind of people would break such a tradition before I decided how to torment their daughter.

I looked down at my current outfit of random furs and my pudgy gut, running my hand under the leather cap over my bald head.  I thought about summoning a mirror but figured this would do well enough.  I trudged forward, through the open gate, past the wall, up towards the castle door.  As I arrived at it I found it barred, above it hang a horseshoe, most likely made of cold iron.  They were expecting this, but hadn't anticipated a substitute.  I shrugged and pounded on the door, yelling "Hello, please I am cold and hungry and have traveled far, please share your fires with me."  I waited, I tapped my foot, I looked at my watch, nothing.  I pounded again.  "Please benevolent rulers surely you would not bar your door against one who is suffering."  

After a little this time I got an answer, someone opened a window and I could hear the revelry echoing inside.  A guard stuck his head out and yelled down from the second story "Be on your way, the king and queen will entertain no uninvited guests this day."  He slammed the window shut and my eyes flared.  So this was how they responded to need.  Now I was angry, not with their newborn, no the child hadn't called for this, but still she was their weak point, and I was bound to represent the fairies properly and by their law she was to be my target.  I slid inside my mind, flipping open the book of powers I had acquired, what would make the grandest entrance and communicate my ire best.  Phasing through the door was too subtle, Super strength could just knock it down but that wasn't really fey style, I looked at the door and studied it, the wood was goregous and inspired me.  I extended a hand and exercised my will and it became a collection of green leaves, black berries and thorny branches, as I walked through it though I shifted my form to my proper super identity, tall, slim, muscular, wearing a skin tight a black and white jesters outfit, as I did I let the thorns tear into me, damaging my outfit, drawing blood from hundreds of tiny wounds.  With each prick I had branches darken to black and berries brighten to the terrifying purple hue of Shertin Berries, or "the thousand deaths".  As I finally stepped into the main hall, I saw how many they had invited, it seemed the entire kingdom and then some my very well be here.  The sound of revelry was gone however as all eyes stared at what was once a door.  

I took my final step through it and allowed it to return to it's original state.  I had to imagine I didn't look my best, cut and bleeding, outfit torn, but still there was recognition in the crowd.  I even saw a few faces I knew from my more normal 'job' both villains and heroes.  Seems the royalty hadn't skimped on the invites.  The king sitting at his thrown his body large and even more muscular then mine, his red hair framing chiseled features his green eyes sparkling he stood as he saw me.  He even shifted to stand in front of his wife, a not quite pretty woman, more the kind of woman one describes as handsome, her black hair long and straight, her features sharp but not to the degree of being harsh.  She clutched her child tighter as the king placed himself in front of her.

A voice booming with authority, but with a tremor of fear running through it yelled out.  "Justice Jester, you were not invited to celebrate my child, I do not know who told you of this event and I do not care.  Please take your leave."

I grinned, that manic, terrifying grin, the one that every time they showed it on television during crime or rescue, during brawl or simple meet and greet, they always panned away quickly.  As I grinned I saw the king tremble.  I saw those I knew to be powered tensing up readying for me, as much as they could.  They all knew I was too much a wild card to actually be prepared for though.  I leaned back on the door and crossed my arms over my chest, raised an eyebrow and in a much quieter voice but one that carried spoke.  "I was not invited, this is true, but tell me oh mighty king, was there some absent that should be attending this to do?"

"You're not welcome here."  He then paused and looked at me "Wait, did you just..."  his words caught in his throat.

"Oh no, the poor king thought,  what horrors might I now have wrought.  I snubbed those who have served me fair,  and now why does this man stand there?"