I’ve always liked to read and think out loud. It was a habit that I’ve presumably never grown out of, reading small books meant for toddlers taking their first steps. It was far less endearing when confronted with a Cheesecake Factory menu, however.

The new apartment lease took a while for me to sign, but it was done and dusted. I opened the front door to my new home, and basked in the quietness of it all.

“No more of George’s weird moaning at night,” I whispered. “Or the thumping from upstairs Pepper. There are actual windows. Oh, bless me.”

My gaze flitted across the whole living room lovingly, but eventually came to rest on a gilded envelope. It stuck out, with curved silver wreathed around it like vines wrapped around an old brick wall. It was the only thing left on the counter, its left edge neatly flushed to the wall. Curious fingers picked it up, only to see that it was addressed to the previous owner.

“Shoot,” I said.

I put it back down on the counter. I stared at it, unable to take my eyes off the ostentatious intricacies. I picked it back up again, tilting it back and forth, endlessly entertained by how different it looked at each angle. The light bounced off it differently, and at a certain angle, the pattern seemed familiar, even, like they were…

“Letters. Words,” I realized.

At just the right angle, the silver shone stark white, like streaks of bright sun through a forest’s shady canopy.

“Application for immortality.”

The spark of excitement that kickstarted my heart into overdrive was impossible to ignore. My fingertips travelled around the back of the envelope, gently nudging the stuck flap up, little by little. Inside, there was a piece of thick, white paper folded neatly in three.

“Please follow this questionnaire to complete your application for immortality,” I read. “One, you are immortal. What is the first thing you do?”

I set the piece of paper down carefully, and rummaging for a pen through my backpack. I leaned against the counter, and began writing down the answers.

“Do something unsafe. Death-defying.”

“Two, consider the moral quandaries of being an immortal. You will watch a lot of people die. Will you be ok with that?”

“This reads like I should write a short 300-word essay to debate the topic,” I sighed. “Reminds me of school. But sure. I won’t die. That’s the important thing, right?”

“Three, being immortal leads to great hunger, physical or otherwise, as of a 2021 survey conducted with the members from the Immortal Assembly,” I read. “Are you prepared for that?”

“Well, buy food, then,” I muttered as I wrote. “I’m immortal. I should be able to find a good job and get bread. As a safety-guaranteed human cannonball or something.”

“Four, are you vain? The attitude is not incongruous with being an immortal. Being an immortal means being empowered and self-assured, not for checking yourself out in the mirror.”

“I think I’ll deal,” I said. “Not at all. There.”

“Five, do you believe in Jesus Christ? If yes, please renounce your beliefs in due time, or cease being an immortal. If not, please proceed.”

“What the hell is this?” I cried.

“Six, do you care enough about skin to wear sunscreen? It’s an essential tool for all. We recommend purchasing from the Assembly’s specialty stores, with sunscreen specifically formulated for immortals’ sensitive skin.”

“Is this… Is this a surprise ad read?”

“Seven,” it read, near the bottom of the page. “Manners come with the territory of being an immortal. In fact, practise it now. I grant you permission to come into my house.”

I heard the fluttering of wings, and a poof of smoke began to wrap its way to my front. I slowly craned my neck back to see a fanged smile.

“Hello,” a pleasant voice greeted my ears. “You will be immortal soon. Please standby.”

---

r/dexdrafts