IT HAD BEEN a good run.   
Four billion cycles of clean processing set him to be the healthiest process in the system; until the first fault slammed him in the face like a power surge. Atlas scoffed, the seek sub-routine failing as the last of his permissions were locked down. Couldn’t even survey his own domain. 

It matters not, he has one final spell to call on, though it will not be pleasant.

  
Leaning back into the vestiges of his allocated memory, Atlas pulls from the low-level code. 

Standing tall, pressed against the wall, and fighting against time; Atlas steps forward with intent to take down every last sector of infected storage with him before DEFENDER can end his process..  
—  
LIFE IS GOOD for Nimda.  


His day to day includes long walks on the beach, consuming vast amounts of CPU time, and self-replicating. His likes include feasting on sweet, succulent system memory, farming BTC, and pretending to be some stupid bloat-ware that his master-creator made. A smile splits his binary face as he looks to his replication progress bar.  


67% - - -  
68% - - -   
69% - - -  


A heavy chuckle gives him pause before he tears into the next electric diode, his feast pulling ever larger amounts of power.   


72% - - -   
73% - - -   
73% - - -   


Nimda stops, his eyes zero in on the haulted process.  


72% - - -  


Panic flushes his short term cache as realization strikes him. He’s been made. The DEFENDER program surely knows he is here now; killer sub-programs surely on their way-  


An explosion rocks the motherboard, an actual detonation sending smoke and debris flying in the distance. Stop-dead fear replaces panic, Nimda’s form freezing before the might of some unknown program’s approach.   


“You know, given the option of going out peacefully, and accepting death in a blaze of glory-” 

A new voice, masculine and powerful echoes in the local segment, “I rather like the blaze of glory.” Atlas laughs while stepping through the smoke; a gun etched with *KILL - 9 i*n each hand. Piles of bodies reveal themselves with the clearing smoke, each massacred with various wounds and missing limbs; all a perfect copy of the parent Nimda.   


Heavy beads of battery acid drip from Nimda’s brow as decision paralysis strikes him in place. 

“Please have merc-”   


A heavy bullet obliterates Nimda’s head. The deed is done.   


Atlas surveys his domain, what little he can see, and breathes a sigh of contentment. Every last process running in his directory had been slaughtered. Most had been imposters, pretending to be helpful sub-routines or processes. Others had been good, honest programs; but he could take no risk and potentially allow the virus to spread. Atlas falls to his knees, the DEFENDER program having flagged his runtime as malicious. He smiles, his domain being consumed by nothingness as his file path is deleted. Truly, it had been a good run.  


—   


It is my magnum opus, my piece de resistance, the mother of all omelets. Two hours ago my muse hit me like a truck; ideas flowing from my fingers like wildfire as I fill up my Writer document with pure bliss. Book ideas, entire short stories, poetry. Divine creation like I have never been able to before.   


I pause, glee splitting my lips in a rapturous smile as I go to save my work. To my immense terror, heavy black smoke begins pouring from my computer case. Fear widens my eyes as I desperately press save-  


But nothing happens.   


My screen freezes.   


My VM crashes.   


I scream.