There's a theory whereby a monkey with a typewriter will at some point, if given an infinite amount of time, recreate the works of Shakespeare. It is impossible for it not to happen if an infinite amount of time is dedicated to the task.

I had always been fascinated with how this theory worked, so I decided to train monkeys to use typewriters to see what would happen. Of course, with their limited intelligence, they were unable to create legible sentences, or even words, and mainly just smashed the typewriter for rewards.

At first it was amusing, watching these monkeys string together letters into one unintelligible mess, but eventually I started to get a little worried. The writing on some of the papers carried a strange, otherworldly pressure that told me they were dangerous. One piece even caused me pain, as if a knife was being held to my eyes as punishment for acknowledging the writing on the paper.

I was rightfully confused until the first Strange Creature arrived. Just as one of the monkeys finished writing on a piece of paper, a weird ripple in the air appeared next to where I was standing. From it a woman walked out.

She was beautiful. There was no other way to describe her: she had long golden hair, with piercing green eyes and long, slender legs. Her facial features followed the golden rule to a perfect degree, and her hourglass figure was the finishing touch. She seemed to be covered in pure light, making her hard to look at, but much more imposing was the pressure she released. It was like I was trying to carry a mountain on my back. I couldn't help but kneel in front of her, trembling and sweating like a man with a gun to his head.

She spoke to me then, and her voice was sweet and smooth like honey of the best quality. That voice seemed to slide into my ears and through to my brain, intoxicating me with just one word.

"How?"

I sputtered for a second on the drool that was leaking from my mouth before I could ask while slurring badly: "W-w-what dooo you mean?"

"I said, HOW!?" She shouted, loud enough to rip the air around me. I felt my cheek get cut by the sheer momentum of her voice, and realised she cared little for my life.

"I still d-don't understand..." I quietly pleaded, feeling tears prick the corners of my eyes.

"I felt you knew about something nobody else should know, but to think it would be a mere mortal, and a man no less." She seemed more disgusted at the fact that I was a man than anything else. She continued. "How could you know the name of the woman I like? I have never once told ANYBODY! Now SPEAK, mortal man, reveal your secrets!"

Despite the incredible fear I felt, and the pressure on my entire body, I began to understand what had happened. I mean, I could train monkeys to proficiently use typewriters, there had to be something between my ears to do that.

And it was those exact monkeys that were the reason I was in this situation. If I wasn't wrong, the monkey had written something in some incomprehensible language that this woman had somehow felt was being written. She had tracked it down and, me being the only sentient life form in the area, had appeared in front of me.

Based on the timing and the context, it seemed to be the most logical assumption to make.

What can I say, I have a good head between my ears.

I immediately started to put together plans to escape my predicament, but the lady seemed to know what I was thinking. She sneered and said, "No matter, I suppose I'll just search your memories. You'll be left in a vegetative state afterwards though, if your head doesn't just immediately explode, so maybe it isn't such a good option for you. You have three seconds to tell me, or I'll find it myself. One..."

"FINE! I'll show you how... just follow me." I conceded regretfully.

I opened the side door and entered the college hallway, which was mercifully empty - I wouldn't know how to explain the woman behind me, watching me every move - and opened the door immediately to my left, where the monkeys were. There, I could see several pieces of paper littering the floor, with a couple of pieces giving me the feeling that they were watching me.

And there, I could see the piece that started this. It gave off a slight glow, and contained the same pressure the woman did. I quickly walked to the piece and picked it up, feeling the woman's gaze still fixed on my back from the door.

"What is this place?" She asked, and she seemed to be genuinely curious, so I explained.

"So you're saying these primates just so happened to write down my biggest secret, all by chance, and that this has happened before?"

I shivered a little, remembering the pieces of paper that pressured me before, and replied, "Yes, other pieces of paper like this have been made before, but it's the first time something like this has happened."

She simply said "huh" before coughing and demanding of me to hand her the paper. I was about to stand up when another piece of paper slid, seemingly of its own volition, into my other hand. Picking it up, I read the contents. I felt that same, otherworldly pressure as I had from the other strange papers, but this time it seemed to be a friendlier pressure, like a rather overtight but well-meaning hug from a well-built father.

The words themselves meant nothing to me, but I know they meant to help me, so I picked it up alongside the woman's paper.

Turning around, I saw the woman again, blinding as she always was, and wearing a face of impatience. She reached out to grab the paper from my hand, but immediately pulled back at the last second, staring at the new paper with a look of shock and fear in her eyes.

"You... a mere mortal attempted to trick me! How impudent!"

"I, uh... what?" I acted confused, but I secretly understood that she was scared of the new paper in my hand for some reason. I showed her the paper she was looking for, and asked innocently, "Isn't this what you're looking for?"

She looked down at the paper, and immediately made a grab for it, but I quickly threw the paper in front, trying to make her touch it. She stopped and pulled her hand back again with a look for anger. I was disappointed that I didn't manage to touch her, but the paper again moved of its own volition and pushed itself up, glancing across the very tip of her middle finger.

It seemed to be enough. The paper caught fire, bursting into weird black and green flames. I felt a connection being made between me and the woman, like a leash with the woman on the collar end. The flames were absorbed into both of our bodies, and permeating my body, my skin, and even my bones: I could still feel it slightly, like a soft warmth in my stomach.

The woman, however, didn't look good at all. she was cursing and burning, trying her hardest, I supposed, to remove the green-black flame. However it was too late and the flames had already fused into her body and soul.

"To trick me using an Ancient Master-Slave Unbreakable Curse, you're a demon!" The woman shouted at me. The shout again seemed to rip through the air, but for some reason it couldn't hurt me. Instead, two cuts appeared on the fave of the woman, one on the cheek and one on the nose, terrifying her.

Things were progressing too fast, and I couldn't keep up with things at all, but I knew for sure I was safe for now, so I relaxed and smiled.

"Don't worry," I assured her, "you're perfectly safe here."

The woman seemed livid.