"Human culture is most similar to a highly adaptive virus." The lecturer, Zig-1-13, explained. "It may be somewhat ironic coming from me." There were scattered laughs in the hall, as Zig-1-13 was a Grodiax, a species evolved from viruses. "Unlike other cultures, they easily assimilate bits and pieces from other cultures, and seemingly at random.".        
         
He paused, waiting for the various writing implements to stop. "Alright, can anyone give me a case of cultural assimilation by the humans that went badly?" All hands shot up. The professor chose one at random. "The Taral Salute." The gurgling answer came from a Taaren, a canine-like life form. Zig nodded. "Indeed, a disastrous misunderstanding - the Taral 'salute' was adopted as a standard human greeting, not knowing, or perhaps despite knowing, that it is one of the most vulgar gestures in the entire cross-galactic alliance." He adjusted his seeing aid. "Which led to the fourth civil war and multiple planet-eradication events, as humans also adapt technology.".     
        
A few hands were raised, and Zig chose the old Krgaal, a female of some distinction and age. "But other races adapt too, right? It's why there are mixed universities in the first place. What made them so special?" He sighed. That was a bit of a hard subject to discuss. "True, but none as quickly, as fiercely or with such destructive results." He turned on the projector, showcasing various images as he spoke. "The extinction of the Ga'arth, the rise and death of the Ceremonious AI, the Golden Draught, the fourteen plagues, all seven galactic civil wars- virtually every major disaster in the last millennium can be traced back to humanity assimilating some cultural or technological aspect.".        
         
The ringing bell signals the end of period, and Zig-1-13 decided to give his students a heads up. " Next lesson will be the excommunication of humanity from the alliance, and the permanent quarantine of the species to a single solar system, namely Xr-144q, in the planet SOL-3. Read chapter 14 in preparation."