Another flash of light, another pointless attack. "Really? You've been..." before I can even finish another fireball slams into my head. Well, it should've anyway. I was a Null, an absence of magic in this world full of it. These people knew it. They could see it from the moment that first fireball hit me in the head and I walked away unscathed. "Are you quite finished?" I looked at the man. Asher, a court mage for the king of this land. He was a tall man, his figure lean and draped in the blue robes of his office. His face was rounded from years of feasting at the table of the king. The mage was puffing angrily, clearly at the edge of his exhaustion after throwing all those spells at me.

"Monster!" He all but spat the word. An insult I had long gotten used to by now. 

"Oh how could you say that?!" I asked, mockingly placing my had over my heart as if feigning a mortal wound. "Seriously? Monster? *THAT'S* the best insult you can come up with?" I watched as the mage's lip curled into a snarl at this. Folding my arms impatiently I sighed and looked from the irate mage to the king upon his gilded wooden throne. "Just pay me what I'm owed and I'll be out of your hair." 

The king, some rotund manchild who had gotten his crown by birth instead of earning it simply nodded to his guard who tossed a heavy bag of coin at my feet. I hefted the bag, knowing they couldn't trick me with some spell because of the null zone around my body and bowed to the royal lardass. "A pleasure doing business with you, as always." The smirk on my face obvious from the tone of my voice and turned on my heel, my footfalls echoing around the vaulted chamber as I left the palace.

I had to supress the null aura as I walked through the city towards the gates. Years of dealing with the insults was hard enough without it following me through every day life. I did still get some stares from children but most were tolerant of me. I was useful to them so they tolerated me, never accepted me.

It was just past the limits of the city when I heard it, the sound of someone approaching me. A thin man wrapped in a cloak came up to me, his hand outstretched and a aether dagger in his hand, an assassin. I let my aura go as he rushed in, my hand falling to the hilt of my sword. *just a few more steps* 

Then he hit it. That invisible bubble where no mana could pass. I do so love the look in their eyes when they realise it for the first time. I watched his eyes flick to his outstretched hand, the aether dagger disappearing as he stepped into the bubble and his hand weakly slapped against my breastplate. I smiled and drew my sword, the heavy pommel striking the wind from him and doubling him over.

"You people never learn do you?" I chided as I knelt before the would-be assassin. "The king sent you?" I asked, looking up at the towing castle high above the two of us. The man grunted and nodded, still struggling to breathe. I sighed and stood up, sheathing my sword and looking down at the man. "Tell the king if he ever tries to pull this stunt again I will open his throat with my blade." And walked off, leaving the assassin gasping on the ground.

It was a bit of a hike to get home, my small cottage in the woods, far from anybody else. As I neared I could see a figure in the window, auburn hair and pale skin glowing softly in the mid day sun. The lock softly clicked and the door swung open gently as I entered. "So, how was visiting your brother?" Amber, my wife, called from the kitchen. 

"I swear he's put on more weight since the last time I saw him. Soon that throne won't be able to hold him." An annoyed snort left my throat as I placed the coin bag on the table. "Your brother is still as charming as ever."

"Did he exhaust himself trying to harm you again?" I chuckled at the clearly annoyed tone in Amber's voice.

"Yep. You'd think after five years he'd realise that nothing he does will hurt me at all." I sighed, taking off my armor as Amber walked in. She was as beautiful as the day I met her, she always was.

"I'll go and have a talk with him later. He needs to learn to stop throwing magic at his brother in law every time he sees him. Especially since his niece will probably inheret her father's Null power." She replied with a soft smile, her hands resting on her ever growing abdomen. I placed my hands over hers, our unborn daughter moving towards my hands. Even at this relatively early stage Amber and I could both sense something strange from our daughter. It wasn't uncommon for children to be born with a mixture of their parent's powers, but mine was anathema to magic completely and yet we could sense that same power in our daughter as well as Amber's own power.

"Soon there will be two Nulls in this world." I said with a smile. 

Little did we know just how much trouble that would bring to our life.