The Non-magical and magical world's don't have a large amount of overlap. There are points they bleed through from I e to another, for example 2385 Jasper Ave, Edmonton, Alberta Canada is a prime spot for supernatural creatures to cross from one plane to the other, hence the Second Cup. Extreme moments of magic can have impacts on the Non-magical plane, resulting in severe weather and environmental impacts. Earthquakes, tornadoes, even meteoric impacts are the creation of the Arcane bleeding over.   
  
And for thousands of years, that was fine. The humans of the Non-magical plane simply accepted it, called it an act of God (as though there were only one) and moved about their day. The lives of the Non-magical became of less and less interest to those of magic, and as such slowly they stopped crossing over - except for the aforementioned Second Cup. Time progressed as it is want to do, and for the most part the concern over the impact of wizardly duels and slain dragons all but evaporated as humans became better and better and weathering the effects. By the time of the Second Cup being built, the gravity of large shows of arcane magic was all but ignored, after all for the most part no humans really died. Sure some did, but their lives were pitifully short anyways, what was cutting it off by a few decades?  
  
Galazar was seated amongst a group of human hipsters, his human disguise as a common hobo meant that most people paid him no heed, and the barista hardly noticed the coins were made from real gold and silver. Instead, he watched the television - a fabulous invention he thought - as the ever present scroll of information droned on. He was scheduled for a duel that night, not far from here, and he was sure he was to be victorious. A little water there, a little lightning, and he'd finish them off with some great gusts of wind. It would be glorious. The resulting thunderstorm would probably present a tornado here, if he was victorious of course, but this city was awfully bland anyways, a little excitement would do them good.   
  
The news changed, a woman in a blazer was reading off numbers and explaining how the temperature would feel - utter nonsense to Galazar. But then she moved, and the world behind her swirled and showed a great thunderstorm was approaching, with tornado warnings. They were warning of his power... How could they know? From the television, the lady proudly declared "However, worry not, the storm should lose its power before it hits us, and there are no worries of a tornado touching down tonight. Back to you Mike." They were predicting his loss, that his magic would not punch through to this side? Unthinkable!  
  
And yet.  
  
Two days later Galazar sat in the library near his previous seat, studying their writings, looking at their so call "weather forecasts". One of his eyes was still swollen from where he taken a piece of ice to the face, knocking him unconscious before he could summon his true fury of wind. How could they have known? Not only has they known his fate, but over the course of many years they had accurately tracked and predicted hundreds of thousands of wizard battles. Exact locations of conflicts, how massive the strike would be. Sure, not always, but with a great degree of accuracy they seemed to know. They had many studies dedicated to this, meteorology, geology, astrophysics, and so many more. They could accurately track the arcane cross overs, and predict their effects to a scary degree. Great battles were predicted weeks in advance, the destruction and ferocity always accurate to a T. How? Gathering as many of their books and papers as he could, and hurredly rushed from the building. Crossing the street at exactly 2385 Jasper Avenue, he disappeared from one plane to the other and began his hurried spring towards the Grand Wizard Keep.   
  
They had to know.  
  
Edit: I feel like I owe a few of you an apology. There isn't necessarily going to be more of this. I wrote it on the toilet after waking up earlier than I wanted to. Not to say I won't revisit it, but I don't know of I will.