"Well, the reports certainly didn't do this place justice", Agent Green murmured as he slammed the door to the black Ford Crown Victoria.  Agent Blue chuckled in assent even as he rested his hand on the holster for his EX-1 exterminator gun  which was partially concealed under his regulation black suits.  Agent Green had seen the aerial pictures of course - a bright white square in the middle of the green circle surround by miles and miles of rocky desert - but seeing it in person was a different thing.  The white two story farmhouse stood on the top of the hill, smack in the middle a lush multi-colored tapestry of flowers and greenery that formed a perfect circle around the quaint structure.

"So Green, What do you think we're dealing with here?  A Green Thumb, a Water Maker?"

It was then that Green notice a figure crouched near one of the flower beds.  She was a middle aged woman in a straw hat, overalls, with  salt and pepper hair pulled back in a tight braid.   She was pruning a rose bush.

Motioning Agent Blue to hold back, Agent Green shouted at the figure.

"Maam... Excuse me.... Ma'am"

The woman looked up  with a confused look on her face."Oh...  Hello! We weren't expecting company."  She smiled warmly. "We rarely get visitors out here! "

"Yes, ma'am.  I can imagine.  I'm Agent Green from the Special Powers Agency..."    
Agent Green Flashed his badge from his breast pocket in one smooth motion. "  
"...and this is Agent Blue"    
Agent Blue simply nodded"    
"Umm... This is... quite a garden ma'am"

"Isn't it?"   
The woman's eyes brightened.    
"I've just love it! Don't you think the roses are beautiful!" She snipped one off the bush and brought it to her nose in a look of triumph.

"Yes, ma'am they are... but...aren't they a bit... tough to grow around here..." The conversation was not going as Agent Green expected.

"Oh... not for my daughter. She has a gift for theses things." "Emily!"  she shouted up the the farm house,  "There are some gentlemen here see you!"

The screen door to the house opened and a young woman stared out into the impossible yard. She was plain looking, with wide rimmed glasses, blue-jeans and a flannel shirt and a red handkerchief tying up her black curly hair.   She seem to freeze for a moment as she regarded the two men, before rushing down.

"Mother, how long have you been out here."  She kneeled down and gingerly helped her mother up. "You shouldn't over exert yourself. How about you get some lemonade.  I'll speak with our visitors"

"Oh! I'm not so old that you need to coddle me." She gave a gentle squeeze to her daughters arm. "But maybe I am a bit thirsty.  Do you want anything gentlemen"

"None for me thanks", chimed Agent Green.  Agent Blue just shook his head.  
\---  
"I suppose you've got a few questions.."  Emily sat cross legged, spinning the rose her mother had left on the ground.   "You see, I've got a knack for growing things..."  as she said this she  stuck the stem into the dark soil at her feet.  With the other hand suspended above,  she seemed to pull the rose out of the ground and as she did the leaves on the stem grew outward in a ever expanding fractal pattern.   
"I can't do it very quickly... "   Agent Green got out his notebook and started furiously writing. "It's like stretching the plant itself... causing it to grow..."  She let out a breath as if she were straining against something.  Finally with a sigh she let down her hand  and admired  the two foot tall rose bush that she had just created. 

Agent Green did indeed have some questions, and he proceeded to ask them over the next two hours. Questions about scale, duration, and power.  Had they always lived out here?  Yes - ever since Emily's father had died.  At some point Emily's mother came out of the farm house with a pitcher of lemonade and Agent Green took tall a glass.  As the questions were winding down, and they were all enjoying their lemonade, Emily looked up at Agent Green . 

"So... have you seen anything like this before officer?"  Her hazel eyes stared intently at Agent Green and she seemed to hold her breath.  Agent Green thought for a moment as he stared back at her. Yes... yes.. he had heard of thing like this... in training or in the numerous cases he had worked... Low level 'green-thumbs'.  Mostly harmless. 

"Yes ma'am I have... it's pretty standard in this line of work." He set down his glass and stood up.  "Well the agency thanks you for your cooperation.  We'll be sending a team to check in on you every few months.  I would advise you to lay low... but... " He looked around at the miles of surrounding desert... "I don't that will be a problem." He gave a look to Agent Blue who also stood up, brushed off his black suit, nodded at the two women, and followed behind as they both made their way down the gravel path to their car.  

"Have you REALLY seen this before?"  Agent Blue asked under his breath as they were walking back.    
"Yup... it's pretty common."  As Agent Green spoke, Agent  Blue seemed to relax for the first time in hours.  "Mostly appears in young woman around her age.  Mostly harmless...  There was some thought in the agency about using them for crop growing, but they affect such a small area that the bean-counters didn't think it was worth it.  Mostly useful as gardeners.  We'll keep an eye on them, but they shouldn't be any danger. You wanna drive?  I'd like to get started on this report."  

"Sure." Agent Green tossed the keys to Agent Blue as he made a beeline for the drivers side door. "Though It's a boring-ass drive.  At least most of it is paved which is a rarity for these small towns.  What was the name of this place again? "

Agent Green rifled through his notes. "Paradise.  Population 2 - at least according to our records.  Your tax dollars at work I guess.  "  

"Yea..." Agent Blue chuckled as he started the car and back out of the gravel driveway.  "At least they still have enough left over to pay us."  
\---  
Emily watched the officers drive a way in a cloud of dust from the screen door of the farm house. When they were out of sight she closed the front door.   Leaning her back against it she let out a quiet sob and slid down until she was sitting on the floor.  Her heart was pounding inside her chest and she took a few breaths to calm herself down.  From the kitchen she heard the sounds of rattling dishes as her mother was washing up.  Her tears were both of relief and pain. She had done it!  She and her mother were safe... at least for now.  

Still holding the rose in her hand she focused on it... pushed... and un-made it.  As it crumbled to dust  she kept her focus and caused the bush outside to also shrink into the ground.  She stopped when she knew the physical presence was gone. She did not push further into the memory of the object... it's past... it's existence... but if she pushed hard enough she knew she could un-make that too.   Emily was starting to grasp the full extent of her powers now;  Creation AND destruction that rippled through the past and the present like the branches of a rose bush. She didn't even think the officers had noticed her subtle manipulation of their memory.  Was it their memory, or was it reality itself? Maybe 'green-thumbs' WERE more common now... and if that were true would it really be a bad thing?  

Emily wiped the tears off her off her face, stood up, and walked to the kitchen.  Her mother was at the sink drying the last of the dishes.    
"They were nice, weren't they?  And that Agent Blue was cute."  There was a moment of awkward silence as Emily's mother looked over at her with a curious expression on her face, as if she'd just remembered something she'd forgotten for a long while.  "By the way... what ever happened to that boy you were seeing... what was his name David... or..."

It was actually Daron.  Daron was his name. Emily stood frozen at the mere mention of him.  He had lived quarter mile down the road.  They had virtually grew up together.  And now he was gone. They were all gone... in one night of fire and terror... when half the town was descending upon their homestead full of fear and rage and jealousy.  Gone in a moment when she had pushed them all completely out of existence just to make the yelling and the beating and the screams of her mother stop.  Gone. All 225 residence of Paradise. Gone. 

But she had more control now.  So at the near mention of his name Emily pushed only slightly.  Her mother froze for an instant and dropped the clear plastic glass she had been drying.  Emily rushed to her side, as her mother appeared to come out of a daze. 

"Oh, I'm sorry." Her mother shook her head. "I really must have spent a bit too much time in the sun.  What were we talking about again?"   

Emily looked at her mother with a smile of relief.  "Just about those agents and how nice they were."

"Oh, right.  They were nice weren't they?" Emily's mother smiled. 

"Yes, they were."  Emily picked up the glass her mother had dropped. "How about you get some water and sit on the porch.  I'll be out to join you when I've cleaned this up"  
\---  
Five minutes later Emily and her mother sat side by side on the porch rocker, watching the sunset over the  desert and the patch of paradise that Emily had created.  

"This is lovely, isn't it Emily. Did I ever tell you I always wanted a garden."  
"You have mother...several times"  She leaned in to giver her mother a small peck on the cheek.    
"And now I have one, and it's all thanks to my special daughter."