I turned to Malik with wide eyes, the two of us realizing the grave mistake we've made.

The orc we knew as "The Boar" rose to his full height. He gave a shrill whistle. I looked at the orc next to me nervously just as another orc whistled behind us. I turned to see the two orcs at the entrance of the hut repeating the whistle outside.

I felt the wind rush by me, followed by the sound of bone and armor crunching. I whirled around to see Malik dead, his head split open and a gash down the center of his chest as long as his forearm. Yaffin, our translator, stood staring at the body with wide eyes, his face as pale as a ghost.

"We are not harmless, human," The Boar said in human tongue again. "Neither are we stupid. Unfortunately for your friend, he believed us to be both. I won't tolerate that disrespect in my home."

I swallowed as The Boar looked at the blood on his axe with a grieving look. There was an unnatural anger as he said to Yaffin, "Tell Jakin to not make the same mistake. None of my people forgot how to fight."

I was a little bewildered that he knew His Majesty's name. I searched for words then finally settled on something.

"I-It's Her Majesty, now," I said. "His Majesty passed almost a year ago."

The Boar looked at me with a new look in his eyes, "Did he?"

I nodded silently. He grunted his disapproval, "That explains the sudden intrusion and...*sanctions* on our territory. Tell Jakin's wife that if she tries to take any land from us, we will go to war."

"I-" Yaffin stopped himself, "I will deliver the message."

"Good," The Boar said. "We've already given what little we have left to Jakin and the kingdom. The agreement between us was that the mountains belong to me and my people. Tell her to leave us alone."

I looked at Malik's body then slowly said, "Her Majesty won't forgive you for killing a Dellar Knight."

"Is that a threat?" The Boar asked, his red eyes boring into my soul. My eyes subconsciously went to the axe he leaned on. Yaffin looked at me and I saw that he expected me to say something.

"Not at all, sir," I managed to sputter. "It's just that she won't take the act of aggression well. There will be retaliation."

The Boar gave a sigh, "Then let them come here. If your people truly think they can climb these mountains without resistance, they are free to try."

I nodded wordlessly. After a few seconds of silence, I asked, "May we leave?"

He raised his hand, pointing at the door. Yaffin was gone as soon as The Boar raised his hand, leaving me behind. I asked suspiciously, "What did the whistle mean?"

The corner of his mouth tugged upwards.

"It's a warning to everyone in the village," The Boar said, sitting down to wipe the blood off his axe. "If you or your party chose to fight, none of you would have left the village alive."

I think I left as quickly as Yaffin did after those words. Once I climbed onto the wagon, the driver looked back and asked, "Where's Malik?"

"Just leave," I said, taking off my helmet. I ran my hand through my sweaty hair as I muttered, "He's not coming with us."