The unlikely party sat around the campfire, each making an overt show of enjoying the warmth of the flames in the snowstorm. None of them *actually* felt cold, of course; that is reserved for fragile humans. Each member of the group looked around at their peers to see if their act is convincing enough; each hoped their not-so-human nature was well hidden.

"So!" the party leader opened jovially. His metallic voice graded against the ears with a cadence befitting a living suit of armour, one that he always excused with a history of throat burns. "I think we should take a look at our haul from Mordon's dungeon, what say you?"

The group nodded enthusiastically - except the skeleton that is, who had trouble moving his neck without causing severe clacking noises.

"We've got a... set of silverware, it looks?" the armour said as he pulled a set of knives and forks from the bag. The shapeshifter winced in pain as she felt the presence of the metal.

"I-I've never been one for those. I'll let someone else have it," she blurted out and adjusted her seat to distance herself away from it. Despite her having the most human-like appearance of them all, her reaction betrayed her nature the most, much to her dismay.

"Oh, I'll take 'em boyo!" the dullahan cheered and grabbed them. He lifted them up to his empty helmet to inspect them more carefully.

"Let's see..." the armour continued ruffling through the bag. "Wait, what... is this a trombone? Who picked that?"

"Oh! Oh!" the skeleton jumped up suddenly. "That'd be me, thank you," it said quickly and grabbed it lovingly. Almost instantly it started dooting a jaunty tune despite its lack of lungs.

"Oh, finally!" the armour exclaimed. "Gold pieces! A fair split among us, what say you?" He split the pieces equally and handed each member their share; the mimic turned around quickly and consumed them. Seconds later, the gold was a shiny new ornament on its shoulder pad. The mimic smiled and polished it.

"And, uh..." the armour tried to continue but stopped nervously. It pulled out a scroll.

"Wait, is that..." the shapeshifter said and stopped counting her coins.

The jaunty tune stopped. "A scroll of true sight," the skeleton said. "Supposedly it can show you the true nature of whatever you use it on."

Silence gripped the party. Each knew what this meant. *If someone was to use it,* they thought, *they'd find out that I'm not human and would surely put a stop to our adventures.*

The silence continued as they looked at one another nervously.

"Oh, my-my" the armour holding the scroll started very, *very* slowly and unconvincingly, "my hand-muscles are, uh... cramping."

And with that, he tossed the scroll into the fire. All members with lungs let out a quiet breath of relief as they stared at the enchanted paper burning away.

"Oh no," the shapeshifter said with a completely unconcerned face. Moments later, she concluded her masterful act with a single word.

"Anyway."