Humanity has long wanted to travel to the stars. It was originally a pipe dream. Even in the days of rockets, it would take lifetimes. It wasn't until old age was cured that it became a possibility. Sometimes a group of people who were tired of life on Earth would would start a trip for the next few millennia.

Then the tachyon drive was invented, and the speed of light limit no longer mattered.

My job was to find people on those starships and upgrade them. Most had gotten tired of being alone, and only wanted to come back. Others were happy to have the opportunity to travel even further. But now you found a group that was unique.

It was a stroke of luck that the digital archeologists managed to find them. An ancient server room had been unearthed, deep enough to survive the Last War and built sturdy enough to last the test of time. Even then, the information had been largely destroyed, and it was only through work by cryptographers that they decoded the checksums and repaired some of the information.

The ship was city-sized, sent out before aging was cured. Or rather, their distant ancestors were. You brought your ship near theirs. You expected a radio response. They sent someone out in a suit.

---

"Kerry Rodgers, captain of the Providence, at your service," I introduced myself.

"I'm Nichole Banks, Mayor of the Orion. You're one of the Precursors? From Earth?"

"I guess you could call us that. We've discovered FTL travel, and we've been going from ship to ship, upgrading them."

"That's amazing! Thank you so much."

"Happy to help. Now your ship is larger than most, so it will take some time for it to be FTL-capable..."

"Oh we don't need that," she interrupted.

"Really? You seemed pretty happy."

"We're getting close to our destination. We only have limited resources, but we didn't want to lose our home."

"You'd still have the ship, wouldn't you?"

"The ship, yes, but slowing it down is a very bumpy ride. We'd have to demolish the city first. Some of these buildings have been here for generations. It would be terrible to tear them down."

"So what are you suggesting?"

"We just need a supply of resources. Then we can stay here forever."

"We're not exactly post-scarcity. The government is paying for FTL upgrades, but if you want something like that, you'd have to sell something."

"Oh, that's no problem. We can always go into weapons manufacturing."

"Sorry?"

"The ship is powered by nuclear bombs. The only way we could bring a ship this large to escape velocity. We have a few hundred ready to go, but we can ramp up production. How many can I put you down for?"