As the Paladin's last word was carried away by the chilly night breeze, a deep silence ensued. The Paladin forced himself to stifle a chuckle. He did it! They had warned him that it was impossible to outsmart a Genie, that there was a reason why it remained sealed. But he always knew that there would be no greater sin than allowing such an incredible power to remain dormant when it could be used to treat all the evils of the world. All that was needed was a man of perfect virtue in possession of a sharp mind and, well, he knew someone like that. He trained to become that person for years.

Finally, the Genie smiled at him. The Paladin returned the smile. It was the beginning of a friendship that would change the world for the better.

"For untold centuries," rumbled the voice of the genie, "I waited for someone like you. Many purportedly clever people tried to manipulate my terms, but they were foiled by the inherent selfishness and greed in their heart which corrupted their wish. Then, at the inevitably tragic end of each of their short-sighted desires, my power was forced to spend untold eras buried in this accursed crypt. How I longed for someone so truly selfless as you, as I laid trapped in the darkness!"

The Paladin, who by strict teaching knew not to expect recompense or gratitude from his heroics, could nevertheless enjoy it when it was freely given to him and right then and there, he was enjoying himself very much. He opened his mouth to spout a few well-practiced humble remarks but he was interrupted by the Genie.

"Yes, how I longed for someone so selfless and so, so self-righteous!" The voice of the Genie was now thunder and his smile had kept spreading across his face, now an impossibly long crack almost splitting his face in two. The Paladin tried to interject a cry of confusion but the Genie continued, "someone who befuddled by their own hubris thought that countless instances of wishes gone awry were the result of human error they would be exempt of... As opposed to the spiteful *will* of a powerful being enslaved to make the whims of miserable vermin come true!"

Real thunder now rumbled through the sky as clouds rolled at great speed above their heads and the air itself seemed to vibrate as if plucked by a mighty invisible hand. The Paladin stepped back and fell as the earth beneath his feet cracked. However, even through the sounds of reality being sundered, the voice of the Genie still could be heard, clear and elated. "And you! You wished that I would '*willingly* use my powers'? Someone like **I?"** And with that word, the Genie seemed to grow impossibly in size until he seemed to encompass the sky in the form of the gathering storm.

"Yes, 'master'," came the voice of the Genie down from the sky, sibilant with malice and mockery. "your wish is your humble servant's *desire*! It is done. I will now willingly use my powers for the benefit of all *I* call 'good'. Terror and vengeance, misery and despair! The slow and agonizing end of the beings who dared imprison me and use me for their tawdry whims!"

Hot, almost boiling rain fell now on the battered earth and the body of the Paladin as he lay supine and almost catatonic. There was no voice now but in the sound of the rain, he could make some parting words, "and as for you, my generous 'master', this is my gratitude to you: you shall not perish with the nest of worms called humanity. I shall preserve your life that you can see the end of everything you loved and swore to protect. Yes, you shall not perish much as you will attempt to. A barren and desolate land will be your sole domain and you will wander it until the Earth itself is no more."