The bar was muted. The two drunkards who had been fighting had been kicked out into the howling rain and were still going at it in the stable. A light swung in the center of the ceiling, dimly illuminating the bar. There were other lights, but this was the brightest and thus the only one that mattered.

Men and women muttered softly, slowly, at old wooden tables. Waiters roved around with glasses of beer for anyone who wanted one.

Rain pattered on the windows. It was the sort of rain that was more noisy than heavy, and so gave the impression of being heavy much better than actual heavy rain.

The two doors flapped open on their hinges, creaking for oil. A man in an oversized coat, big boots, and a black hat just titled over his face to create that ominous shadow, stepped in. Most of his face was cloaked in a dark red scarf.

The planks creaked.

”Ten percent more expensive,” the bartender said lazily. The Creaky Plank had been one of his better ideas to identify strangers. 

The man stomped to the bar. A few other regulars who were sitting there reluctantly moved their chairs to make way for the well-built figure, but of course listened in on their whispered conversation.

The man wanted to know if anyone had heard about a woman named Lily. The bartender shrugged and just said no, would he like a beer. The man said two glasses, as strong as possible, please, and the bartender proficiently poured beer into two dusty glasses and slid it over to him, probably sloshing half of the liquid in doing so.

The man gulped them down, slammed a few coins on the counter, and began going around, asking for information. No one had heard of Lily, as it turned out, and the man had no choice, but to leave in disappointment.

The moment he went out, the bar was alive with talk about Lily, the woman who had divorced three men and then proceeded to rob two of them. The third one was dead, and his will somehow dedicated all his money to Lily, so that was alright.

All the regulars knew was that they weren’t giving anythin‘ away to sum ol’ stranger, looks suspicious ter me anyways. 

The bartender grinned. Joe had done his job perfectly, focusing everyone on Lily, sniffing for information.

He would do the rest.