Idiot. 
So dumb.

 Three wishes, just three wishes, he said. 
He even warned Ask well And I will grant you. 

The first one was easy, anyone with lung cancer would ask for the same thing I don't want to die so I asked for immortality.

He didn't remove the cancer, he just made me immortal. 
I still had the pain and I could feel the life being sucked out of me, I could still have injuries, illness, I just wouldn't die. 

I still had two wishes, I just have to touch the amulet and ask. I couldn't take the pain any longer and asked to be invulnerable to disease and injury. 
Good idea. Stupid idea. 

When I saw my mother dying of old age and I was still in my 30s I tried to do something, I asked to bring her back, but it was not possible.

 After the funeral I went into a movie theater I needed to forget about life even though for a few seconds, Jurassic Park was screening, and when I saw a Brachiosaurus I said the dumbest thing a man has said in the entire history of mankind. 

I wish I could see one of these. 
As you wish, that's what I heard. 

I was holding the amulet. 

I should have asked not to feel pain, being invulnerable doesn't mean I don't feel pain, that time with Vulcan really opened my eyes to the power of words.

 Who knew I'd walk through lava just feeling the pain.

 I didn't mind being stepped on by the brachiosaurus, after a few times it was really fun making them running after or from me. 

Every time some Dinosaur jumps on me trying to kill me it pisses me off, hey you can't hurt me so stop trying. 
Getting chewed by the big ones wasn't that much fun either. 
If having a dinosaur jump on you was boring, imagine being swallowed whole and chewed. 

But since the meteor crashed, life is pretty boring, there's nothing here just small rodents. 

At least time now flies, years pass like minutes for me.

66.000.000 years later:
After the fiasco of Atlantis I give up in trying help humanity, I just exist in the shadows, but after the things they did to me, I waited 100.000.000 and this is what the last Jurassic World movie brings to me?

It's time to end humanity!