The door opened with a little jingle.

He shuffled into the coffee shop, looked around, feeling lost. Place didn't look like it used to.

"I'm on a date." He said, for no particular reason, to the kid sweeping the floor. Kid looked up at him and rolled his eyes.

Her eyes lit up when she saw him. "Over here Harold." She waved at him, smiling.

He adjusted his glasses. Took a closer look. And his heart skipped a beat.

He slid into the chair across from her.

"Elaine... it's good to see you."

She smiled that smile of hers. "Where has the time gone, huh Harold?"

One divorce and two decades later and she still looked beautiful to him. Her voice still notes of sweet melody to his ears.

He chuckled softly. "I've missed you."

She blushed, and the crinkles near her eyes softened. "I've missed you too."

He blinked. "Really?"

"Mhm. You've been a stranger, Harold. Haven't called me like you used to." She joked.

"Well, what about Richard?" He sulked, swirling some sugar in his coffee with a spoon that was much too small.

"What about him?"

"Didn't you love him?" 

"Sure. And didn't you love Anna?" She countered, then sipped on her tea. *"You found someone else rather quick."* She thought.

"Well, sure... But-" He winced, but hid the pain from his expression. Anna's been dead for years now. Cancer. The pain never fully goes away.

"But nothing, Harold. We both made our choices. That was then. This is now." She paused, staring into the tea leaves swirling around in her cup. Then looked up at him, searching his eyes. "Why did you ask me out after all this time? And here, of all places?"

He felt a warmth in his stomach - *She remembered.* "It had to be here." He said, with determination.

Sure, they changed the decor from how it was 40 years ago, rearranged the signage, spruced up the uniforms. But that little booth in the corner, with the inner side lower than the other, and- yep, he felt it - the heart carved into the side of the table with the initials H P + E B; it had to be here.

"Answer the question, Harry."

"Well, back then..." He frowned, sour memories surfacing. "You told me you wanted to see other people." *Richard.*

"So?" Her gaze continued to search his eyes. He felt a pang of guilt. *Anna.*

"And that was fine. But do you remember our promise?"

"You're kidding me. You reached out, after all this time, because of that?"

"'If we're both in our 50s and still single, we'll get together again. Get married.'" He recited, grinning at her.

She dabbed at her eyes with her handkerchief. "Harold, you big dumb, sentimental idiot."

"I never got over you, you know." He confessed, rubbing the back of his head, face as flushed as the young man that sat in the same exact booth he sat in all those years ago.

She smiled that smile of hers again - a snapshot of 30 years in the past briefly flashed across his eyes - then reached out a hand and grasped his over the table. "Honestly, neither did I. I... I regretted ending things with you. Don't get me wrong, Richard was great. But we... we had something special, didn't we? To have the feeling last all this time."

"That we did." He gave her hand a squeeze, crows feet deepening as he smiled at her. And he leaned in to share another first kiss with her, in the very same booth where they had their first, all those years ago.

...