I sat and watched quietly at the press conference;
Seraph had just admitted to the fact they struggle with depression and PTSD, despite the strong front they put up. They've also had struggles involving their identity and as such have struggled for a long time.
A very noble thing to admit that weakness.
Some, however, did not agree.

"Seraph, are you saying you can't be a hero?!"

"Seraph, how will you fight Wraith like this?!"

"Is our city still safe??"

"How could you let yourself fall to such a low point?"

My slight smile during the proceedings slowly faded as the questions started devolving into veiled insults.
How arrogant of them.
It was clear the so called "Angel of Rybex City" was close to tears, avoiding eye contact, deflated ever so slightly as such nosy reporters kept babbling.

I had enough.

With a pointed rasp as I rose up out of the ground, I called out. "*I*, for one, think it's quite admirable, actually!"

Everyone turned and screamed at the sight of me, backing away immediately to give me a clear radius.

Seraph, bless their heart, tensed into a fighting stance at the sight of me, trembling, eyes watering.

I raised a hand to call for silence and the screaming reluctantly stopped.
"Calm down... I'm not looking to fight."

I looked Seraph in the eye and they seemed to trust it, relaxing slightly but still confused.

Grinning for theatrics, I went on, gliding slowly to the podium.
"*You all,* on the other hand, clearly take issue with this! Here they are, admitting a struggle that anyone can go through in a world like this- a world I try to perpetuate, and your first thought isnt that they're brave, but a coward!"

Reaching the podium, I bowed my head, a slight incline of respect without kowtowing.

They blinked, thoroughly puzzled as they bowed back. "...What are you doing here?" They asked slowly.

"Why wouldn't I keep abreast of my enemy?" I replied smoothly. "If I did press conferences, wouldnt you do the same? Don't deny that, you know you would and I take it as a compliment." I added, seeing them about to protest.

I turned back to the crowd, still trembling like wet puppies. "Now then!" I continued. "I don't think you understand that, for all your talk of my dearly detested being weak, who here actually *fights me* day after day? Show of hands, now! Who has actually faced me in combat?"

Raising my hand for not *entirely* untrue comedic effect, I made a point of scanning the frozen crowd. "Not you, not you...."
Turning back to Seraph, their hand was raised. 
"AH! and who here has struggles with depression AND fights me at the same time???"

I once again turned the scan the crowd.
"RIGHT!" I barked with aggressive cheer, less smiling and more baring teeth.
"They fight ME, a purveyor of death and destruction and despair on the *daily* while struggling, presumably alone, with depression and a lack of self worth! And I *put it* there, don't forget! And how do the good people they struggle to protect respond? Hm? By calling them weak. Worthless. *Usssseless.*" I hissed out.
"So why should they *bother* protecting you? You don't *want* their help. If they aren't even good enough, what's the point? Doesn't that feel good? To tear down the already helpless? Doesn't it feel good to doubt and bully rather than nurture and help? Aren't you so proud? I would make some remark about the makings of good henchmen, but that's an insult to my henchmen. You cannot possibly understand the mind and the heart like we do. Both of us. One as someone who breaks them, and the other who protects them. So the next time someone attempts to shame this valiant soul instead of getting them the help and support and love they need...."

I let my spectral arms unfurl, flapping in my aura like the feathers of a malevolent bird's wings.
"I will *fight you.*" I stated, a wicked grin on my face. "News reporters, office workers, wrestling champions, single mothers, prostitutes, CEOs, I'll fight you *all!* And Seraph will always be occupied when you need them most," I sighed dramatically. "What a shame. I would *kill* the next person to open their mouth if it didn't add more stress to our angels full plate. In other words..."

I pinned the crowd with my gaze.
"Treat them with the respect and honor they've given you... Or else you'll get a very unpleasant visitor."

I retracted my arms and made a grand sweeping gesture as I bowed.

"Have a lovely evening!" I cooed, melding back into the shadows to allow the insanity to continue again.