Completely dumbfounded by the sight of this hulking 7 foot tall blue dog, you stumble into your living room. "Greetings Provider" the big blue dog says with a slightly familiar voice. "Uh. Yeah. Greetings. Hi. Who are, what are you?" You say to the floating creature. "Do you not recognize your best friend?" the dog says while slightly angling his ears and giving you puppy eyes which you instantly recognize. 

"Aladdin?" you ask of course knowing your dog can't have nearly doubled in size and grown blue fur in the few hours you were in the office working. But even more unbelievable is that your human best friend somehow turned quadrupedal, grew fur, transformed into a floating dog that on top all of that looked almost exactly like your four legged best friend Aladdin.

"Yes! It is I. Aladdin. Slayer of the fearsome and mighty beast known only as Vac-Uum. And as such ruler of all the dog parks." only now it is that you realize the robot vacuum cleaner lying next to you is followed by a trail of it's own innards. Cables of all colors some chewed through some exposed from the motherboard to the little rotor brushes.

Proudly Aladdin follows your shocked gaze as he proclaims "With the might of the allpowerful Robin Williams the Genie from the bottle, I Aladdin have slain this terrible pest which struck fear into the hearts of everyone it crossed." You begin to put two and two together. Either some mean spirited colleague of yours has spiked your morning coffee, Greg probably, or this aberration speaks true and it is in fact your dog Aladdin. In case of the former there is not much you can do except wait out the effects, but if it is the latter you have questions.

"If you are Aladdin how come you look like this and I can talk to you?" You say wondering how quickly you have regained your ability to process what is happening in your living room. "The Genie tricked me." the dog says in an annoyed tone. "I wished to be able to talk to my best friend but instead of just giving you the ability to understand me, he transformed me into a likeness of himself."