Whose stupid idea was it that supers should reveal their powers to be documented? Who would want to willingly hand over their strengths and weaknesses to potential enemies and villains? 

"But we have to know which super is to be sent to the frontline based on who the enemy is." This was the government's rhetoric. Whatever.

"So, it has been reported by one of our spotters that you are a super. Why did you not register yourself voluntarily," asked the officer interrogating. 

I was prepared for this.

"I myself wasn't aware of the power. I realised it only last week. I was walking down the pavement and there was this under-construction building site. As I was passing the site, I heard a loud snap from above and looked up. A huge metal bar was falling on top of me. I instinctively raised my hands above me and the metal bar was deflected and fell away from me. I think this is when your spotter spotted me."

In fact, I have known about my power for a few months at least now. But my answer seemed satisfactory to my interrogator, since it is usually in such situations when people have manifested their powers.

"So how exactly does your power work? Does it create a force field," he asked.

"Yes something like that, I believe. I am able to deflect stuff that is thrown at me."

"And you can deflect anything, no matter the size or speed?"

"I am sure there is an upper limit that I haven't found yet. The metal bar must have weighed a ton, so it is safe to say I can deflect atleast that much."

"Fair enough. Your abilities fall under the defensive category. You may be useful in support roles. Any other abilities?"

"None that I know of"

"Very well. Let me inform you that you are obliged to report any new findings about your power immediately. A week's delay will not be accepted next time. You may leave."

Phew! There are many supers with similar powers of deflection, and so they accepted my lie easily. If they found out my true power, I would have been drugged and gagged by now and would have been carted off to a research center."

It was dark outside when I left the facility. I lived only a few blocks away and decided to walk rather than take a cab.

A couple of blocks down the road, I was crossing a dark alley and I heard a scuffle. As I turned to look, I saw a man attempting to force himself on a woman. The girl pushed him away and was running towards me.

"Duck," I shouted at her. She ducked.

I had never used my power on an actual human before. But I had practised for this.

I opened my mouth, took aim and attacked. The scum's head exploded. The girl, on seeing this, was even more horrified and ran like a maniac.

I sighed. A thank you would have been nice. 

I took out a bottle of honey that I had in my bag and took a swig. You see, generating ultra low frequency sound waves with high amplitudes is not very good for the throat. Such sound waves are really extreme pressure waves with areas of really high pressure and high vacuum. High pressure areas can deflect stuff like a force field while the high vacuum around the assailant's head caused him to explode.