"You ready?" I asked. Sarah nodded and opened her mouth as wide as she could. I took her toothbrush and started very carefully to brush her teeth. It was really awkward since I couldn't hold her with my other hand, and some foam leaked over her lower lip, but I couldn't wipe it since my mind would recognize this as a sign of affection. But Sarah braved this procedure like a champ, and once I finished, started to furiously wash her mouth and spit.

"This makes no sense!" She shouted, spitting furiously, "How old I was when I said I will never brush my teeth when I grow up, five years old? Four? Why do I have to bear responsibility for the tantrums silly little me threw ages ago?"

"This story has no moral", I agreed. "It's just some bizarre anomaly with no rhyme no reason behind it."

Sarah stopped washing her mouth and looked at me.

"Well at least it's not as bad as yours", she muttered. I could only shrug, although internally I was screaming and clawing my eyes out. At some point in my angsty edgelord phase, I swore to never date girls, because, you know, *girls are so dumb*. So now, decades after, I can't even touch my wife's hand. And if she tries to, my hand jerks away like it touched a boiling kettle.

"Another shooting at fast food," Sarah said. She was already back with her phone. This whole situation started approximately 18 hours ago, and we locked ourselves up at home because outside it was madness and chaos. So we just tried to cope via doomscrolling.

"Some redneck who swore to shoot whoever tries to cut in line probably", I said. Sarah nodded, scrolling away. I picked up my phone too. Together we can gather twice as much desperation and agony.

"Here's some interesting stuff", I said. "Group of medical students checked if their do-no-harm oath can be used to determine effectiveness and safety of drugs. Would be really neat, but as it turns out, the oath does not work if the doctor who administers the drug does not know it can be harmful".

"M-hm", muttered Sarah. She lifted her head from her phone. "By the way, don't you think we're really lucky that not a single nuke was launched? I bet some of the top brass once promised to obliterate those pesky insert-nationality-name when they get the chance. But here we are."

"Likely because of security protocols. I don't know how many people it takes to launch a nuke, but probably more than one. By the way, remember those MIT guys who promised to crack the cold fusion in half a day? How are they?"

Sarah tapped her phone.

"Comatose, all of them", she sighed. "Maybe it's for the best. I don't want people to gain superpowers just because they promised to do the impossible. Somebody would totally promise to end the world. Or, look, here's a cool tiktok... The guy promises to break the promise he's currently making and... boom. He's out."

"Yeah, obviously", I nodded. "That's you good ole liar's paradox..."

I stopped short. An idea started to form in my mind... and then exploded instantly.

"Self-referential commitments!" I yelled. My wife, being much smarter than me, simply shrieked "Gödel!" at the same time.

"Wait-wait-wait, so... if we commit..."

"Not this one, but..."

We were already drafting it on a piece of paper.

"How does it work? Does it count as a contradiction or..."

"Do new commitments override old ones? Do you have to specify..."

"We just have to try..."

&amp;#x200B;

We stopped at once, staring at the words. I looked at Sarah and said, "Okay, let me try first."

"No way", she refused flatly. "I'm doing it. If it doesn't..."  


"I hereby commit..." I started to quickly recite the oath, but Sarah instantly slapped my face, making me choke on my words.

"I hereby commit..." she started, before I gently, but firmly closed her mouth with my hand. It was not affection, so my mind permitted it. Sarah incinerated me with her eyes and shoved her thumb into my mouth. We stared at each other for a moment, trying to communicate with our eyes. It wasn't easy, but we got it. Slowly, we pulled our hands away.

"Okay, let's not re-enact that scene from infinity war," Sarah said. She turned the camera on her phone and started recording. "Let's do it together. If we fail... well, we will still get some data for the world."

"I hereby commit..."  
"I hereby commit..."  


"...to not be bound by any promises, oaths, and commitments..."  
"...to not be bound by any promises, oaths, and commitments..."  


"...that I've made before this one or might make after it."  
"...that I've made before this one or might make after it."

The silence was deafening. I looked at Sarah's face, tense and frightened, expecting it to go slack as she falls comatose. But nothing happened. I remembered I still have to breathe.

Without saying a word I reached out for her, waiting for the invisible suit of icy armor to stifle my movements.

And took her hand in mine.