The plane bucked violently in the air. Around me, a few other passengers cried out, followed quickly by embarrassed laughter. A chime sounded throughout the cabin and the ‘fasten seatbelt’ light switched on above us. I dutifully fastened the belt across my waist and glanced out the window. All I saw were clear blue skies for miles. 
 
No sign of a storm, then, I thought. With a brief mental effort, nictitating membranes slid over my eyes. The world around me turned a sickly green as I glimpsed the Threshold, the boundary between our world and the realm of the dead. Dark clouds swirled around the door to the cockpit at the front of the plane, occasionally pulsating with a pale, otherworldly light. Someone on the flight is about to be harvested.
  
Blinking back into the mortal world, I reached down to the backpack at my feet, unzipping the largest pouch. Stilling my nerves, I withdrew a soft, black bag, placing it on my lap.
  
The plane pitched to the left before righting itself again. More gasps of fear and less laughter this time. A flight attendant emerged from the cockpit, face pale and eyes wide. Fumbling for the intercom, he started to speak, “Ladies and gentlemen, please remain seated with your seatbelts fastened. The flight is currently experiencing some…unexpected difficulties. I want to reassure you that safety is our highest priority here at Vitalitair. That being said, I feel it is my duty to inform you that both the pilot and copilot have currently fallen ill.”
  
Gasps and cries sounded throughout the plane. Someone started screaming. 
  
Drawing himself up, the flight attendant continued firmly, only the slightest tremor betraying his own fear. “Ladies and gentlemen, remain calm. The autopilot is engaged and is safely guiding us to our destination. Now, I must ask, is there a doctor on board?”
  
Sudden silence. Desperate eyes darted up and down the aisle, questing for hope. I sighed to myself, closing my eyes and bracing inwardly. No one responded. Slowly, I raised my hand in the air and called out, “I’m not a doctor, but I do have an MD.”
  
The attendant hustled down the aisle toward me. “You have an MD?,” he asked hurriedly. “You have medical training?”
   
“Not quite, but I might be able to help anyway if you don’t mind waiting a few minutes.”
  
Confused, he leaned over the empty seat beside me and spoke quietly, “Sir, between you and me, I’m not sure we have a few minutes. The pilots require immediate medical attention. Now, are you a doctor or not? Can you help us?”
  
“That’s what I’m trying to tell you. I’m not a physician. I’m a necromancer, a doctor of mortality. Hence, MD.”
  
The flight attendant jerked back, scowling. “This is no time for jokes. Lives are at stake here. If you can’t help, stay in your seat and stop wasting my time.”
  
The world lurched around me again. Only this time, it wasn’t the plane. The Threshold groaned  and shuddered with anticipation. It won’t be long now. The flight attendant turned to leave, showing no awareness of the forces at play.
  
Another flight attendant emerged from the cockpit. Tears ran down her face and I watched her make silent eye contact with the first attendant. He slumped against the bulkhead as realization set in. 
  
I unbuckled my seat belt and rose to my feet, clutching my bag in one hand. Stepping into the aisle, I said calmly, “If you don’t mind, I think now I can be of some help.”
  
The male attendant started to shake his head, but I continued, speaking softly, but firmly, “You and I both know that the autopilot has a snowball’s chance in Hell of actually landing this plane without anyone getting hurt. There are no medical professionals on board and no one who can fly this thing. There’s a chance, if we don’t wait any longer, that I can restore your pilots and we can actually get out of this alive. But only if we go right now.”
  
I met his gaze as I spoke, urging him to agree. He opened his mouth as if to refuse, paused, and then shrugged and twisted to one side to let me pass down the aisle. I stepped past him and strode towards the cockpit. I unzipped my bag as I walked, removing a black velvet pouch and a small silver bell. I pushed past the female flight attendant and opened the cockpit door, bracing myself for the horror I knew awaited me. 
   
The first thing that hit me was the smell, a rancid, oily odor. As I entered the cockpit, I surveyed the scene with a practiced eye. One body, the captain presumably, was slumped over the control panel, hands stretched out towards the windshield, almost in supplication. The other pilot was on the floor in a fetal position. Both were clearly dead. Their flesh was mottled purple and black. The captain in particular was in an advanced state of decay - most of his flesh and one eye had sloughed off his face, revealing the white bone underneath. 

One, or both, of the pilots had been the target of a Fatalitus hex. As much as I wanted to figure out why, I had more urgent business to attend to. Specifically, making sure our plane landed safely. I quickly blinked my vision into the Threshold and examined the corpses before me. Black clouds no longer swirled about the body of the captain. Too late for you, I fear. May the Reaper have mercy on your soul. 
   
The hex was still completing its working on the other pilot, however. Dark clouds flowed into the corpse’s nose and mouth, filling the inner cavity of the body and harvesting its vital essence. I dropped the black pouch on a nearby chair, focused my will, and chanted a basic protective charm. As I did so, I rang the small silver bell once, twice, three times. A silver shroud wrapped itself around the copilot’s body, cutting off the hex and sealing what little vital essence remained inside the dead man. 
  
Retrieving the black pouch, I pulled it open to reveal the gray ashes within. I dipped my finger in the powder and started quickly sketching a rune of reanimation of the copilot’s forehead. 
  
“What are you doing?” asked a woman’s voice from the doorway. I paused in my work and glanced up. The two flight attendants were staring at me in a mix of horror and fascination.
 
“I told you. I’m restoring your pilot so he can land this plane safely.”
  
With that, I returned to my task, swiftly completing the rune. With another effort of will, I severed the protective charm, allowing the free flow of vital essence in the copilot’s corpse again. This time, however, the energy of the hex was redirected into and captured by the rune of reanimation. Simple enough, if you knew what you were doing. 
  
After a moment, the copilot groaned and slowly uncurled from his fetal position. The male flight attendant rushed to his side and put an arm around his shoulder, helping him sit upright.

“Holy shit, Jerry. Are you okay?” he asked. The copilot groaned again and shook off the flight attendant’s offer of help, grabbing the side of a cockpit chair and lifting himself into a standing position.
 
The flight attendant tried again. “Slow down, Jerry. Take it easy for a minute, will you?” Lurching unsteadily to one side, Jerry stumbled around the flight attendant and shoved the dead captain to the floor before settling himself in the captain’s chair and reaching for the controls.
  
The male flight attendant swung toward me. “What the hell did you do? He still looks like shit. There’s no way he can fly a plane right now, right?”
  
I shrugged, tucking my bell and pouch back into my black bag. “Ask him yourself.”
  
The flight attendant stared at me for a moment before whirling back around to the copilot. “Jerry, seriously, man. Are you sure you’re okay to fly this thing?”
  
Jerry’s right hand, swollen and black, slowly moved across the control panel to disengage the autopilot. As he flicked the switch with his index finger, the tip of his finger snapped off with it and fell to the floor. Jerry turned slowly toward the flight attendant, who had frozen in horror. A thick clump of hair dropped to the ground as he twisted his neck, followed by one of his ears. His upper lip had split in two, revealing thick mounds of dark, congealed blood where his gums used to be.
  
His mouth was twisted in an undead parody of a smile, a horrifying rictus grin. Before turning back to the control panel, Jerry uttered a single word: “Plaaaaaaanes.”