*I didn't use a fair tale villain. This is basically a follow-up to a story I wrote in 2018. It's the first thing that occurred to me.*


AITA for becoming a supervillain and catching the love of my life in a death snare so I could invite her to dinner for a marvelous first date?

I (M26) was walking downtown one evening last July when I saw the love of my life (F,mid20s?) flying in the western sky across the setting Sun. She was radiant. Statuesque, with sun-kissed skin and short, black, curly locks. Her super outfit consisted of a deep blue, off-the-shoulder, one-piece suit that looked like a cross between swimwear and padded body armor. 

It would be love at first sight. Or at least, it would be, but I had to meet her first. 

I spent the next couple of weeks trying to be rescued, but I kept getting chased out of the bus lanes and away from the terrace cafe railings. So I tried another approach: committing petty crime. Nothing serious -- I'm not that kind of guy. So I returned the oranges to the fruit stand when the guy yelled at me. And those old ladies are stronger with their purses than they look. 

All of this was beneath her notice, and as a result, so was I.

With no other avenues left to me, I took a couple of months off to study how to be a supervillain. That would get her attention. 

I secluded myself for her. First, I built a lab in my basement where I hunkered down. Then I gathered up all the media reports and watched a lot of social media getting to know her moves and strengths. Women are really impressed when a guy truly gets to know them and understand them. 

Things were going so good that I did a trial run over in Oakwood defeating a magnetic-based hero. I needed his tech for my surprise planned dinner date. 

I sprung my surprise in February. Forget about getting flowers and chocolate. I went over-the-top, above and beyond for my Valentine. 
 
Having subdued a couple of armored car drivers (who were single, I hope), I drove their truck to a warehouse on the outskirts of town. Just about dinnertime, she tore the door from its hinges to make an entrance. How grand it was!

I could tell she appreciated all the trouble I'd gone to because she started running right to me and the lovely table I'd set for the two of us. However, I wasn't sure if she understood my motives, so when she stepped on the magnetic plate on the floor, I threw the switch that snared her bracelets, boots and stabilizer belt, and held her in place.

Okay, so here's where I may have miscalculated. It's not really my fault. For all my research, I thought her suit was Kevlar. In my wildest schemes, I never imagined that it might've been reinforced with iron or steel!

It was an embarrassing moment for me. I turned red, but just as quickly, I grabbed a tablecloth to cover her. I mean, it was just supposed to be a dinner date.

I dialed back the strength of the magnet so she could adjust herself. Next thing I knew, she was joining me at the table. And then I remember the floor coming up and hitting me. Next thing I remembered after that was sitting in the back of the dquad car talking to two nice fellows about my lovely evening.

Since then I've been told that I handled the situation all wrong. I don't know what I could've done differently, but I'd like to work out the kinks in my plans before our second date.

-- 
This story is based on another prompt-inspired story "Hero Crush". An early version of that can be found in my writing subreddit. 
https://old.reddit.com/r/xwhy/comments/7urlka/wp_youve_had_a_crush_on_the_local_superhero_for_a/


More stories at r/xwhy

Comments welcome and appreciated.