Start...

I’ve read about the human race in my school. They are known to be violent beyond comprehension. A savage race which attacks every other species as well as each other. I remember my teacher, “Higher thought is inaccessible for such species. It’s best to avoid them.”  
We’ve been at war with them for the last hundred years. We are quite a peaceful race. We have no weapons on our planet. It never occurred to us to harm another as a solution to our problems. The humans came to our planet in search of knowledge, and stayed to extract what they call ‘Lithium.’  
When we tried to explain that the material was needed for the balance of our ecosystem, the humans didn’t seem to understand. They wanted it. They bombed our cities and occupied our capitals. They killed most of our leaders and took over the governance of our land.  
Most of our race were imprisoned and killed. But we did not fight back. There is no point in fighting. We tried to educate and enlighten. We aim to improve ourselves, not in accumulating resources.  
We did have captives in our few survivor camps. Were they really captives? They were free to go if they pleased. The humans who stayed with us, seemed to believe in our way. They spent most of their time studying and practicing our arts. The human leaders called them our “Prisoners of War.” Is it a war if it is one sided? I’ve often wondered.   
They marvelled at our knowledge. It was easy for us to move things around with our spirit. The humans could not. They couldn’t communicate with each other unless they transmitted a lot of energy. How strange. I’ve never understood what makes it difficult. I have still more to learn.  
There was a human who stayed at my home. I called him Bo. I was his keeper. I kept him alive. He needed nutrients that I could extract from the nearby land. He stayed indoors most of the time, sitting closing his eyes, nearly inactive. “Meditation,” he called it.  
He learnt how to use the spirit force. He also spent his time practicing movements with his body that seemed like jumping and forcing things around. “Why not learn how be peaceful?” I would ask. It laughed, but never answered.  
——  
Our leaders called everyone for a gathering, today. “The messages that in the air seem to indicate that we will be killed tomorrow morning,” announced the eldest. Humans used the air to talk to each other. They had little devices that translated their words in to the mist that went through the air. We learnt to see those messages when the humans first came to our planet.  
It had been a tough life. To face a foolish foe which destroyed everything you loved. Leaving this from of existence would be quite a relief. To journey on to the next phase of being. We decided to feast on our last night.   
The humans in our camp seemed restless. They started yelling at each other and at us. They wanted to fight. We tried to tell them that it was okay to accept the future and war was not our way.  
They weren’t soothed. Bo wanted to fight to protect us. He wouldn’t listen to our reason. He refused to accept our way. Bo organised the other humans and they were all yelling together. It was curious, how they dealt with knowledge of the future.  
——  
I was the morning of our departure. Bo was crying for us. For me. I told him that he would be spared so there was nothing to worry about. I opened by chest and offered to him a blunt knife to remember us by. It was a memento of our tribe. We used it to mark our children as adults. “Competence, with compassion.” It symbolised that we knew how to wield the knife but we choose not to use it.  
This was my last mistake.  
——  
The inhabitants of our camp are still alive. But there is no peace. There is true war. A two sided war. Humans who want to keep us alive against humans who do not.  
Bo combined the blunt knife with spirit energy into a violent weapon. Energy that our kind use to learn about the world.  
They’ve been fighting for years. We are alive to witness it. We accept the war and wait our time to pass. We do not interact with the humans any more. 

  
We’ve learnt from my last mistake.  


...End