"She's the strange one." A fisherman's wife whispered to another, gesturing among the crowds of people shuffling back and forth down the city's main road. "She lives up in the old tower outside the city. The one rumored to have belonged to that wizard-knight."

A short figure with long blonde hair bobbed up and down between the people. She was overly plain in her garb, just a simple pinned cloth dress, and sandals that were simply a flat of leather attached to the foot and calf with thin leather string; undoubtedly the cheapest a cobbler could make. At her side she had an aged clasped traveler's bag slung under her shoulder, it looked as if it could have been quite expensive half a century ago.

She stopped and scanned the shops nearby, finding the one she had been looking for and walking straight through the door as it swung open on its own--sounding a tinkling bell.

The interior of the shop was lined with shelves upon shelves of books. Some piled up on tables, or just on the dusty wooden floor. She strode along until she had reached a counter that was far too high for a child of her size, and  she had to get right up to the counter and step on her toes to be able to see an elderly man sitting in a chair who was enjoying is own book.

"Excuse me." She said.

The man, who wore small spectates looked up with his aged blue eyes. In an instant he gave a  grandfatherly smile seeing the peering child. "Ah. You again. Come with another book to sell?"

She nodded and stood back as he rose and leaned over the counter.

She undid the clasp and dug through the bag till she found a blue leather bound book, which she set on the table for the man to look over.

"Oh. Radante's Histories of Significant Magical Duels--and a first edition too. Quite rare." He said as he begun to carefully turn through the pages. Matter of factly he began, "I'll give you 100 coins..." But then trailed off glancing at the girl whose eyes seemed rather eager. A portion of his shrewd businessman's nature abated. "No... That is too little for such a treasure. 250." He said relieved he hadn't had to bare the weight he would have of scamming the innocent girl who he assumed wouldn't have been able to appreciate the treasure she had and haggle for a fair price. He nodded and began to piece through a box beneath the shelf.

"I'd like this too." She said, as she reached up and slid a piece of paper on the counter.

The man adjusted his glasses. "Speaking... Properly.... With the Dead and Other Legal Necromantic studies By Amanda Yewood?" He said with a rising dumbfounded-ness in his voice. He glanced to the side in serious thought, grimacing as he pondered, but then shaking his head side to side like he was shuffling a notion or two back and forth. He looked to her again. "You aren't interested in the dark practices of necromancy are you? Nothing that would land you in trouble with the law, correct?"

The girl looked to be considering his words with a hand on her chin. "I don't know." she said.

He give her firm look, and began to tap away at the counter. "Alright." He said. "I'll go and get it." He left her there and went into a barely noticeable doorway behind him.

The girl teetered on her heels back and forth as she waited... Idly glancing among the books around her until she looked eyes with someone staring at her from the window.

A tall man, with a dirt covered face and dark expressionless eyes. He and her stared at each other as he breathed through his mouth. He had the look about him of someone who had fallen on hard times and slept in the streets or near the city dockyard...

Only when the shopkeeper returned and she glanced at the elder and then back did the staring man move on.

The girl gave an unconcerned shrug.

The shopkeeper paid her 195 coins which she stowed away loosely into her bag.

"You ought to run home quick, young lady. Summer is ending soon too, be sure to see my cousin a few streets over--a tailor she is. Get yourself some decent clothes for the harsher seasons with some of that money."

The girl nodded and set off... She had a meandering quality to her motions as she hopped from one road to the other--though generally moving to the city's north gate that went out into some woodland named the "Fey Forests".

From one road to the next she went through a particularly shadowed alleyway, one where a couple of rough looking denizens had slouched along the walls between some spare barrels and crates.

"That's the one..." Said a harsh voice from behind her. "She's got plenty of coin in that there bag."

The girl had a sudden soured look to her face, like she had taken a bite of a particularly bitter or sour fruit. Her ear perked up to one side with a tilt of her head.

A couple of the men rose up, three in all plus the one behind her.

"Scream, and we'll cut you." Said one of the mean ahead with a sickening amount of pleasure in his voice as he and the rest drew large and particularly rusty knives.

There was tense quiet before she spoke in a voice as if being instructed what to speak, "Though art... Blackguards and naives, scoundrels beneath my boot--spit on the ground--stand aside or be cut down where you stand--and draw my sword--But--I don't have a sword!" She shook her head and laughed like someone told her a rather funny joke..

The men were stunned.

"Well, okay." She said, and took a stance as if she was wielding an elegant invisible rapier.

The first man to act was the one behind her, who had looked like he was in no mood to entertain a child's foolish games and went forward for the bag--brandishing the knife well ahead of himself.

She whirled around. "On guard," She said and thrust her imaginary weapon "Have at thee, mother of a mangey cur!" She seemed rather enthused slashing at the man multiple times.

He kept his stride with no intentioned of being deterred until he shot back clutching the hand that wielded the knife--letting out a yelp of pain as blood began drip onto the dirty alleyway's cobbles. He took a number of steps back, "She's a shitty wizard!" he said. "Grab her before she does another spell! Bind her arms--break her fingers!"

The other men hesitated a mere moment before resigning their considerations and enacting the man's orders. They together lunged to restrain her with filthy outstretched hands.

She gave another twirl and skipped to one side--being held aloft by something invisible as she gently leapt up onto a nearby lidded barrel and assuming another stance with her imaginary rapier. "Slug eaters!" She insulted.

The men looked to consider their move carefully--not wanting to approach the pointy object she seemed to brandish but no one could see.

She took a breath, and seemed to center herself. Taking her other hand and making circular motions with her index finger and then a counter motion with her pinky. Seeming to concentrated very "Avadra's Kiss Of Death." she said.

A sickening and oozing sort of light appeared where she had done her motions of the hand--but it faded quickly and she looked dejected. "It didn't work..."

One of the men seized his opportunity and came forward with a wide grabbing motion, which caught nothing as she jumped aside atop an adjacent crate and he found himself unable to correct himself to grab her mid air--instead his head was pulled towards the barrel and his face smashed through the lid and into some rancid water--being held underwater he screamed. He tried to pull himself out but it was like an invisible force was intent to drown him--he could feel his compatriots trying to pull him out... He managed to get his head above the water, but whatever it was was still trying to shove him under... It was then that he saw something behind his reflection in the water. A grim visage of rotted flesh, green and nearly transparent, a man with thin styled facial hair and a full suit of armor below his neck. His eyes were rotted away and left nothing but empty sockets that seemed to ooze ghostly maggots. "Necromancer!" He shouted, "Necromancer!"

\*\*\*

CONT.

[https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/vb1wyv/comment/ic6en41/?utm\_source=share&amp;utm\_medium=web2x&amp;context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/vb1wyv/comment/ic6en41/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=web2x&amp;context=3)