"Aslon Engar Asgar" Mike incanted to create a fire vortex. There he was practicing his magic at the training grounds when he caught glimpse of the messenger frog. It was hoping along using magic circles leaving traces of animal magic slime along the way.

Once it made its way to Mike, a message appeared atop it's head. It read as follows:

"Mike Solozoki Journeyman FireMage, you have been selected to train Mordin Esclazar on the skill of fire magics. He will arrive tomorrow at noon to start his training. Do you wish to reply back?"

Mike scratched his head in wonder, "Huh" he exclaimed, "Mordin, why does he want to learn fire, I thought he was a super fan of that splash splash magic!" he thought to himself.

Mordin Esclazar was a grey beard 6" mini giant halfbreed from the water clan. He had mastered Water Magic quite young and is currently a 200 year old Grandmaster of the form.

Water magic represents freedom and free thought. Fire magic represents consistency and discipline so they both clash with each other as they are polar opposites.

Mike was a normal fire user from a peasent clan. He had worked hard to reach his Fire Journeyman status through strict discipline and hard work. "Blast it" he said loudly as the frog watched on, "I have lunch with Lea the librarian tomorrow at noon". 

"Frog, reply back to Mordin and tell him to be here exactly at 7am as our lesson will start then till 1130" Mike said daringly. "Tell him Fire Magic is not a hippies art, it is about discipline so I expect him to come here and be ready to start from the bottom, splash splash skills will not help here", he replied to the Frog.

"Message noted" the Frog said as it frolicked away to deliver the messenge to Mordin.

"I guess I better get a lesson plan together" thought Mike as he went back to his training.

The next morning Mike waited and waited at the training grounds. It was 8am until Mordin showed up, he looked as tall as Mike pictured. He had a sour look on his face.

He approached Mike. Before he could utter a word, Mike laid it into him. "LOOK HERE ROOKIE, WHAT TIME IS IT. I SAID COME AT 7AM.  7AM IS 7AM NOT 8. IF YOU WANT TO LEARN SACRED FIRE YOU BETTER START TAKING THIS SERIOUSLY. FIRE IS DISCIPLINE" he yelled back at Mordin

It was at this moment that Mordin realised he had a good teacher because all the others he had sought out always placed him in a grand status so he never could learn Fire Magic.

"Sorry about that sir, I will be timely going forth, shall we begin." Mordin said in a bemusing tone.

Mike replied "Ok" and went on to show him the beginner forms of Magic.

"Put your hands like this and repeat after me" Mike said. "Asgar Nos Fi" he incanted.

Mordin repeated exactly and poof he manifested his first Fire.

"Thanks Master" he said to Mike. Mike smiled back and replied " Ok let's keep going consistency is the next key"