I scroll through my steam library… still convinced this is some bizarre dream. It would explain it- bizarre fragments of my memory suddenly more relevant than was reasonable. But my hunger and thirst felt very real. And I eventually decided, dream or no, I needed to eat. 

But where to get food?? I could try to load the witcher. That had plenty of food… but most of guarded by either people or monsters. I had no money, and I wasnt about to get stabbed over a wheel of cheese. I had plenty of “food” in fallout, but nor was I about to lose my hair to radiation poisoning. Bleeding gums makes it taste worse, too. 

What else was there?? Why did I have to pick such strange games!?

Half Life…? There isnt even any food in there! It’s literally a starvation marathon. I’m not eating a headcrab. Vomiting worsens dehydration.

FEAR? Nope. No food in the game. A lot of these games don’t even mention food. Or water. Halo, System Shock, DOOM, and more- all terrible. Best not to even load DOOM whatsoever, really.

FTL probably had some kind of “rations”… but if I stepped i to the wrong space ship… God only knows.

Bioshock infinite? Now that I mention it… they had some pretty good looking food. Can I pretend to be racist for an hour to get some food? Mmmmm…. No. That’s not the only problem that place has going for it, either.

As I scrolled, the sound-scape outside my tiny 1-bedroom apartment shifted. Gunfire, shouting, cheering, rocket noises, monster chatter, and other bizarre calamities of unknown sources echoed. Food was a short term problem… where was I going to *exist*? What if I didn’t wake up? What if this was some kind of bizarre, self-creating pocket dimension I was trapped in. How would I survive? Could I be the hero, if I had to? No. I was fit, but I wasnt surviving magic and laser blasts… I needed…

THATS IT! A game I had beaten! A game with abundant food, and a dedicated hero that would always win.

I dug through old drawers to find it, worried I’d forgetten in on a move or left it with my parents. But it was still here! My switch. 

Link, you better share your food. I know you’ve got more than you can eat. You’ve got three damn inventory pages of hearty salmon and mighty bananas. 

This was it. This was my option. Breath of the wild, here I come.