"Hello, and...and thank you all for coming.  Most of you kn..know me as Feral Femme.  I wanted to talk today."  a deep breath and you can actually see her eyes flitting back and forth as if searching for an escape.  "to talk today about something near to me.  Recently we lost one of our own not to a battle with any external enemy.  Geo Ghost would have told you he was too good to be beaten.  Thing is, no one ever truly wins against the demons that haunt their own minds.  He suffered silently about it for years and it was only recently we found out about his mental issues.  With that in mind I now feel it's time to be open about my own, I don't want my friends, teammates, fans, or even my foes to one day wonder 'where did she go' only to find my body cold because I couldn't fight myself anymore.  So for those who need it, those who think you are alone, those who are hiding because 'only bad people get depressed'.  My name is Feral Femme, I suffer and fight with depression as a daily struggle and will do all I can to help make life better for all those standing on the front lines against their own minds."

I paused the replay there.  I really didn't want to see the booing and things thrown at her, I didn't need to hear the yells of coward and liar and the other bullshit from the public.  No that wasn't the kind of thing I needed.  Funny thing is, most people assume villains are suffering some kind of mental issues themselves, but honestly aside from an overabundance of ego and a bit too much flair for the dramatic most I'd met were more mentally healthy then their counterparts.  Sure a few of us were definitely off kilter, and there's probably a touch of sociopathy in not caring about the collateral damage, but the only villain I ever saw who was legitimately suffering a need for mental health assistance had the support network of our entire community.  We checked on him regularly, we made sure he had someone to lean on no matter what.  Hell at one point I just walked off from a bank robbery because I got a call from him.  The confusion on the heroes face is a memory I treasure.  We did our best, but F.F. was right, this isn't a battle anyone ever truly wins, it's just one that you fight every day and if you're lucky you outlast until something else takes you out before it can.

I looked at my hands then, if the villains were treating this issue better then society or the heroes then it was time for a villainous solution and I had just the one.  They'd call me cruel, sadistic and insane for it.  I wore those monikers with pride more often then not anyhow so it wouldn't be much different from any other day.  I started working on my plans.  First I'd need some help, after a few phone calls and explaining what I needed my colleagues were more then pleased to help.  Next I needed to go through the interviews of the last week and find who all would be called out.  It sucked watching through all their bullshit but I had my list after a while.

The next day my plan went into action.  I kidnapped 100 people and put them in a force cube in the middle of main street.  A few cars skidded as they saw them appear a wall got some damage when one who was speeding ran smack into the building.  Still the chaos around me wasn't important.  I sat on top of this cube of 100 trapped people and waited.  Soon the media came.  Once they arrived I grinned, waved and hit their camera with Professor Photons 'hijack ray' man the guy needed to hire someone to name things for him.  Still it worked and in moments their broadcast was the only one on every channel including a few of the ad screens above me.

"Ladies and Gentleman, some of you might know me, most won't.  You see I am a minor villain that might appear as a foot note in various heroes rogues galleries.  My name is Bubble Burst feel free to snicker and laugh all you wish, it won't change what's about to happen to these poor souls."  I wave down and see the camera man pan down to my hostages, apparently he's feeling compliant. Good that makes things easier.  "No, the only ones who can have any impact on these people's fates are some of your greatest pillars of virtue."  I listed off the names of the six heroes who I'd found most offensive in their reaction to F.F.'s announcement.  "They have 1 hour to ALL be here or I start shrinking this cube and I hear being crushed this way is an Extremely painful way to die."

I then leaned back and as I did the camera man turned to the reporter next to him her mouth hanging open, she recovered quick though and I heard her give a spiel about the threat and about her hope that the heroes got the message in time.  I was sure they would, honestly I expected they'd be here shortly.  I was surprised when fourty five minutes later they still hadn't shown.  However at the fifty minute mark I felt the impact on my personal forcefield and heard the swearing behind me.  "Silk Shockwave, I'm glad you made it.  Are your five compatriots about to do something equally stupid, because you've only got ten minutes before I follow through."

"You Coward!  Hiding behind civilians, let them go and fight us like a REAL.."  Her words were cut off as I put a force field around her head.  

"NEVER use that word Again!  You lost the right to call anyone a coward Three days ago and if I hear it from your lips it will be one of the last words you speak."

I could see her pounding on the bubble over her head and see the punches weakening as the air began to run out, I grabbed her arm and slung her down in front of the news van that had first shown up, though quite a few more had gathered now.  As soon as she hit the ground I released my concentration and that bubble was gone, she gasped for breath.  A moment later someones frost breath and someones heat vision came at me.  I sighed and just expanded my personal field.  This was going to get tiresome.  I looked at my watch.

"Five minutes, and if all six heroes aren't in my line of sight people Will Die."

The two trying flew down and dropped to the ground appearing to check on Silk.  Another climbed down from a nearby fire escape.  One turned visible in the midst of the newsvans, but the sixth was missing I wondered if they actually were willing to test this.  Well so be it.  I kept my eyes on my watch, 30 seconds left, then a yell of "WAIT!" in a voice I recognized well.  What was she doing here?  I tossed a bubble around her and lifted her off the ground allowing sound to continue to pass through.  "Sorry, Feral Femme, but this party is invitation only."  I set her down on a nearby roof top, would have to be careful not to lose too much focus or that'd pop and she'd be out.

"Bubble, I'm here to take the spot of your sixth invite.  He can't make it." 

I laughed "Oh, so the heroes think this is an optional exercise where they can just sub in whoever they want, sorry but that's not how a hostage situation works.  My demands were set."  A tick past the mark and I shrunk the cube about 5 centimeters, not enough to hurt anyone yet, but enough to panic those inside as they had to move in closer.  Even with sound blocked you could see the fear in their eyes and their movement.

Feral Femme was attacking that bubble for all she was worth, claw slashes with both hands and feet, head butts, every tactic and all focused on a single point.  Even as she did though she maintained her calm demeanor.  "I know why you chose these heroes, and he Can't make it.  I made sure of that."

That stuttered my concentration and her next hit burst the bubble.  Before I could react she was racing down the side of the building on hand and footholds that no one could see.  Soon she was standing next to the other five.  I shrunk the cube a bit further as she got there.  The others scoffed and one of them made a snide comment about how they needed Real Heroes.  She didn't react but I did.

"Real Heroes Huh?"  I shrank the cube down by a couple inches this time.  No one in there could stand without being in physical contact with another now.  "Is THAT what you think you ARE?"

F.F. shook her head and told them "Please, be quiet, don't make him angrier."

The Downpour looked at her then at me.  "She's right, whatever any of us think, there are hostages to consider and unless you can break that forcefield we need to keep him calm."

I laughed at that.  "Oh little raincloud you can not begin to drop me to anything close to calm.  None of you could even if you tried, no, see we're beyond that now.  Well F.F. since you saw fit to steal an invitation to my party because you know so much, why don't you enlighten them.  I'll wait, I promise not to shrink this again so long as conversation remains Civil."