My Squakbox was having trouble with their dialect. It could translate almost any earth language with 30% linguistic drift, and often language had degraded with the isolation. Never this much, old earth media and the occasional caught infopac kep them speaking old earth.

This colony had spoken Tamil. But what they spoke now was barely Dravidian. "I'm here to make you ship faster, you will reach Alphacronia in six monthes, rather than two-hundred years" I told them, and it was true, even accounting for the FTL installation. "No thankyou" saud the old man. His eyes were hard, he had lived the rough life of a colony ship, farmed alge on waifer thin trays, repaired breach seals, kept the Fissionheart above critical. Thing that took years off a man's life "Captain, you don't understand, this is a miracle. Your grand children will be born on a planet"

He shook his head "No sir" he said again, he didn't know much old earth, the younger ones didn't know any "Noone here for planet. No land, change course many year ago" he said. Food came, rough sludge-sheet that was the only crop you could maintain for centuries in space. "You're not going to Aplhacronia?" I was shocked "Where are you going!?" and he looked at me, baffled by the question "We are here" he said, a perfect expression of peace on his face, and then he started eating the mossy chips laid before us.

I took one, this was common, Colonials often fed FTL-techs their food as a sort of hazing. It's best to put on a show of how disgusting it is while they scarf it down, totally used to the horrid taste. I had gotten used to it too, it was like australians and vegemite, a seriously aquired taste. One bite proven me wrong, It was tangy, spicy, no blandness, no aftertaste of ozone. It only looked like sludge-sheet, and the captain took my speachlessness for waht it was "Our recipe. Dry it on drivevent, cure with wastepac for week, dust with ioplast" he smiled.

They were home, I couldn't see it at first. This colony had so adapted to life on their ship that they had no need of a planet. No desire for one. Their whole cultire was their cramped little world ten miles across. We agreed to rapair their systems (Though finding something they had failed to maintain perfectly was a chore) and upgrade their comms. Theyir infopacs are very popular, their writings and music particularly. Their language is now properly translated.

In a universe of homogenised humans, only the starship Dasharatha is truely exotic. And I was credited with first contact. May they outlive us all.