The day seemed to be occurring over and over again.

The attack seemed to be occurring over and over again.

The first day (well, the first day that he remembered), he was Matt. He was a middle-aged white man with a job where he utilized his skills with computers. He had a relatively easy life. That day, he was about to get into his car to drive to work. He kissed his wife, opened the door, and then the bombs started to drop. Things started to explode. His car burst into flames, knocking him back. It was the last thing that he remembered before his life was brought to an early end.

When Matt woke up, he felt the same, and yet ... different? Was he Matt in a different body or was he a different person entirely? Wait - "he" wasn't even a he. "Matt" was now Kristen, a woman who had the same sort of life as Matt. She also had a similar ending. She walked outside to go to work, and then she was blown to bits by the parts of her car that were shooting through the sky.

He/she/it woke up again. This time, he was in the body of a black man. Other than that, nothing was really different. He walked outside to go to work, but, forgetting something, he went back into the house. The bombs dropped- they destroyed his car, shattered the house's windows, and effectively cut the house itself in half. He was shocked, covered in dust, and bleeding, but he was alive. He walked outside, stepping into the fire that had engulfed his neighborhood on what had just been a beautiful summer day. He looked over. His car was no more- just a few pieces of twisted metal and burning rubber. As he observed the carnage, he thought to himself that the fire seemed to be getting blurrier and it looked as if it had started to fade in and out of existence, as if it were a glitch in a game.

And just like that, it had gone back to normal.

Just then, he started to hear the sirens going off. The sirens that went off every time there was another attack from the air- this time had been the first to actually, literally, hit home. "Mark."

Mark turned around to see his wife limping out of the house. Her hair and clothes were disheveled, torn, and, in some places, missing, and she had a dark bruise on her leg, presumably what had caused the limp. She looked at him. "How are you still alive?"

"What?"

Her eyes rolled over, becoming white, and she replied: "How did you survive that?" He stood there, confused, and yet, he was transfixed by the sight in front of him. She raised her hand, stretching it out towards him. Then, there was a bright flash of light and Mark slowly started to disappear.

It was as if someone was slowly erasing him out of existence.

\-

"How did you survive that?" he muttered to himself again. *What the actual fuck*, he thought, annoyed. *It's a videogame, you idiot. It can't hear you.*

Once he was done for what seemed to be the millionth time that day, Nathan leaned back in his chair and yawned. He looked over and confirmed what he had already guessed- it was getting late. Well, it was actually early, as it was getting to be two o'clock in the morning. You could only have so much fun on a game before you realized that you didn't get any sleep and you start to become a fuckin' zombie. He had only tried so many ways to kill off characters. *I guess there's always tomorrow*, he thought as he slid into bed.