My investigation started simply enough: a thread I had been following rather intently on r/conspiracy was suddenly awash with posts by a specific user. Unfortunately, the content of said posts had been erased in their entirety by the time I could see them, the telltale shells of empty postings standing mute witness to what must have been an extended explanation of unknown lights in the sky that clearly were not just the spotlights from a nearby casino. It was then I started to notice that this "deleted" fellow was actually rather prolific on the subreddit. Stranger still, a search for their user profile returned... nothing.

It was then that I discovered the vast scope of u/deleted's interests, reach, and complete silencing by parties unknown. Politics, fandoms, hobbies; everywhere I seemed to look, there was a deleted presence. Sometimes, it was a single comment here or there. Other times, a lengthy conversation with themselves. In every case, whatever views or information u/deleted provided was wiped clean, "Content was removed" the only sign that anything had been there previously.

Frequent readers of this blog may have a guess where I believe this leads, and they would be correct in so assuming. Such complete, near-instant erasure of a single person from Reddit could only be accomplished by someone of means and monstrous low cunning. Someone that, with but a single word and gesture, can take possession of a frightening amount of this nation's mail traffic, stamped with the imperious command that it be "returned" to him with undue haste. I speak, of course, of that faceless puppetmaster: the nefarious Mr. Sender.

Indeed! Only that same individual that has r/USPS firmly within his iron-fisted grasp could take such unilateral action, and I suspect he would only do so if that individual posed an immediate threat to his endeavors. And so, I now endeavor to follow this trail to its very end, despite whatever personal danger it may pose to myself. I will not rest until u/deleted's message has been returned to the light, where it might accomplish what I have so far failed to: the complete exposure of Mr. Sender and his limitless ambitions for both the United States's mail service and now, horrifiyingly, this very platform.

Protect yourselves! Archive everything you see! Ensure that your mail is properly addressed, stamped, and verified by trustworthy members of the United States Postal Service! For Sender's hand has a long reach, and even your very family members may be compromised by his corrupt influence!