I decided to take a break from all the death and destruction and do some light-hearted quests. I still had an uncompleted D-rank request from the farmer. I figured finding his lost cat could be a relaxing change of pace.  
  
  
  
I was gravely mistaken.  
  
  
  
The cat was holed up in a dark corner of the attic, and as soon as I tried to grab it, it hissed and scratched me. I chased it down, but it was too fast, and it slipped away from me again. I chased it down again, this time successfully grabbing it by the neck. I held it up to my face and stared into those beady little eyes.  
  
  
  
"Listen here, cat," I said. "Once I let you go, you run, you don't stop until you see that farmer's face."  
  
  
  
The cat writhed in my hand and clawed at my arm.  
  
  
  
"Oh, relax. It's only a little blood. Anyway, you listen to me. If you know what's good for you, you won't be coming back here. This is my territory now."  
  
  
  
I threw the cat down the hole and went back down the ladder to the first floor. I didn't feel like taking the long way around so I jumped from the third floor window.  
  
  
  
It's not like I was trying to show off for no reason. I was trying to show off for no reason. I was trying to look cool.  
  
  
  
The next day I went back to the farmer's house to see if the cat came back. The farmer was standing in his garden, looking miserable. He looked up at me and shook his head.  
  
  
  
"Nothing," he said. "Not a sign of that damn cat."  
  
  
  
"Don't worry," I said. "I'll find it."  
  
  
  
And I did! The cat was hiding underneath the floorboards in the shed. Serv́es it right, trying to run away from me like that. I dragged it out by the neck and handed it over to the farmer.  
  
  
  
"Here you go," I said. "One cat, safe and sound."  
  
  
  
The farmer took the cat from me and stared at it for a moment before setting it down on the ground. The cat looked up at him with big, sad eyes.  
  
  
  
"What's wrong?" I asked. "Isn't this what you wanted?"  
  
  
  
"It is," the farmer said. "But this isn't my cat."  
  
  
  
I was about to ask the farmer what he meant when I heard a loud screeching coming from the sky. I looked up and saw a giant bird diving down towards us.  
  
  
  
The bird was enormous, its wingspan spanning the entire width of the garden. It was featherless, with a lizard-like skin, and its beak was as sharp as a knife.  
  
  
  
The bird screeched again and lunged towards the cat. The cat let out a terrified yelp and ran towards the farmer. The bird chased after the cat, its razor-sharp beak inches away from its fur.  
  
  
  
The farmer stepped in front of the cat, shielding it from the bird. The bird screeched again and flew up into the sky.  
  
  
  
"What the hell was that?" I asked, staring up at the sky.  
  
  
  
"That was a harpy eagle," the farmer said. "The biggest and most vicious bird in the rainforest."  
  
  
  
The farmer looked at me with a frightened expression.  
  
  
  
"You need to leave now," he said. "That bird is going to come back and it will kill us both if it does."  
  
  
  
I didn't want to leave, but I knew the farmer was right. I turned and ran towards the edge of the garden. I heard the farmer calling after me, but I didn't look back. I was too afraid of what I might see.  
  
  
  
The harpy eagle circled overhead, its razor-sharp beak gleaming in the sunlight. The farmer stood his ground, shielding the cat from the bird's attack. But the bird was too powerful, and soon the farmer was lying on the ground, the cat running for its life.  
  
  
  
I didn't want to leave, but I knew I had to. I turned and ran towards the edge of the garden, the farmer's cries echoing in my ears. I didn't look back until I was out of the garden, and then I saw the harpy eagle landing on the farmer's body, its beak plunged into his flesh.  
  
  
  
The harpy eagle circled overhead, its razor-sharp beak gleaming in the sunlight. The farmer stood his ground, shielding the cat from the bird's attack. But the bird was too powerful, and soon the farmer was lying on the ground, the cat running for its life.  
  
  
  
I didn't want to leave, but I knew I had to. I turned and ran towards the edge of the garden, the farmer's cries echoing in my ears. I didn't look back until I was out of the garden, and then I saw the harpy eagle landing on the farmer's body, its beak plunged into his flesh.  
  
  
  
The bird was tearing into the farmer's flesh, its talons ripping through his skin. He was screaming in pain, but the eagle didn't stop. It was like it was enjoying the kill.  
  
  
  
To be continued by the readers...