Vars III ushered me to a small, well-lit chamber. The sounds of the ongoing revelry filtered mutedly through the oak panelling. “Sit,” the King invited, lowering himself onto a luscious ottoman.  

I remained standing. “Why?” I demanded. “I’ve had enough of this farce, Your Splendor. I tried to kill you, I failed, you lived. I have no wish to sit and converse with you on the matter. Just swing the axe, for the Gods’ sakes.”  

The King looked hurt. “I’m just trying to have a friendly conversation,” he protested, pendulous lip protruding into a pout. “Granted, I will have you executed at its end, but I want to know why you chose poison.”  

“And why should I tell you?” 

His lips pressed together. “Your life is in my hands. I can have you beheaded - quickly, cleanly, and make an end.” He leaned forward, silver-polished teeth glinting in a savage smile. “Or I can hunt down your relatives, friends, and anybody else of remote significance to you, and give them over to my Master of Secrets. You’ve met him, haven’t you?”  

I tried not to shudder. The memory of the gaunt, silent killer was still with me. Slowly, I sat down opposite the King.  

“You’ve always been foolhardy, Your Splendor,” I told him. “Your personal guard has been among the most lax ever held by a ruling monarch, but it was still too much for us to pierce. You scorned personal armor, you boasted that your subjects loved you, but your staff still kept you safe.” I smiled bitterly. “And as an ultimate proof of your splendid unconcern for your own life, you employed no taster. That information cost us one of our best men, but your life would have been ample recompense. If it had worked.” I shrugged.  

Vars II laughed delightedly. “Bewildered you, didn’t I?” Chortling, he touched the bell, and an immaculate guard walked in, leading a large wolfhound.  

“This is Rolfe,” the King told me, leaning forward to fondly the big dog’s ears. “Genetically modified to match my metabolism’s characters as closely as possible. He eats everything I do, an hour before I taste it.” His tone was complaining. “You made him very ill, you know. The vets thought we’d lose him. But we had enough time to create a counter. Which I took before the meal.” Yawning, the King struggled to his feet. “So you can go to your death knowing you were beaten by a hound. Guard - “ he waved a contemptuous hand - “see this traitor to a cell.”  

As the guard laid his hand on my shoulder, I stared at Rolfe The dog who’d foiled years of planning, who’d stepped between this bloody tyrant and the death he deserved. And turned back to the King. “One last thing.” My voice was quiet. “One thing for you to remember, Your Splendor. No matter how altered and modified - *a dog is still a dog*.”  

The king halted, his face blank. “What?” 
 
I stood. “The poison had no effect on you. It wasn’t supposed to.” Smiling, I let my eyes drift deliberately down. The King followed my gaze, eyes slowly filling with terror as the wolfhound silently bared his great fangs in a snarl.