"I don't give a shit," she said to the darkness around her that hid the predator that was toying with her. "Ya hear? I don't give a shit that's you're a vampire! I have no more shits to give!"

"How base have mortals become" replied the vampire from somewhere within the factory. Whoever he was, he was able to throw his voice enough to confuse her. "Do you not understand that I am the predator and you are the prey? Or has modern conveniences so rotten the faculties?"

"That's your problem, you know that? You don't get it," she said as she went on, looking around herself. A chuckle rang through the empty place and then rose into laughter. But she did not try

"Care to elaborate what precisiely do I not get?" came the voice. "Amuse me and extend your life for a few precious second." She shrugged and forced a laugh of her own. She already found what she was looking for. Yes, there it was. An ashtray and a bin. With her little shopping and some time. And the idiot was playing along. Never interrupt your enemy making a mistake.

"You're a killer, but newsflash, every human being is a killer! All they need is a good reason and an upper hand. You're not that special. You're probably used to supersticious peasents who can't handle something like you because the worst they ever saw is a farming accident or someone losing it and killing someone in rage. Aren't you?" she shouted challengingly. And she was answered with silence that spoke much. Good. He wasn't paying attention to what she was looking for. Good thing that she decided to hang unto her shopping and not to quit drinking.

"But that's the past. You're yesterday's news. Today? The internet can show you the worst excesses of human nature just by typing in the  right word. Serial killers that mentally and physically torture their victims for weeks. Cartels upload videos of them dismembering people alive. What are you?" she asked her questioon out loud while she looked. Yes, there it was, a plastic sheen of a thrown-away lighter!

"A creature of the night, a wolf to the flock that is humanity," came the answer.

"That's the other thing. It is not us who should be scared of you, it's you that should be scared of us," she said out loud. She

"Absurd! Do you not grasp what I am?"

"It is you who does not grasp what humanity has grown into. You're a predator to humans, great. Have you looked at what humanity has done to its predators?" she asked and the silence told him that she hit the right nail. He didn't know. She grabbed the lighter and then another one and another one. Then in a moment of inspiration, she began looking for the largest leftover cigarrets she could find. She had to be sure, she had only one shot at this and she had to make it count.

"Wolves? Wolves are cute and we have to run breeding programs and make preservations so we don't hunt them to extinction. Lions too. Otherwise we'd kill them all and they'd go extinct. Extinction, you know that? That's the scariest thing in the world and we've gotten too good at it."

"Do you think that I know not of taming? I have greater capacity than-"

"You're missing the point!. Do you know of chemical warfare? Biological warfare? Because that's what we do with all the other parasites that feed on us!" she dared. 

"I am not a parasite! I am a predator!" came the indignant protest. Yeah, whoever he was, he was invested in the bullshit he came up to make himself better. On some level, she symphatized with him but then again, he was trying to kill her while she was supposed to be scared to death. Fuck him. She had all she needed. Just put it together. 

"Predator, parasite, whatever! Heard of smallpox? We waged biological warfare against it with vaccines until it's gone. A generation has gone by and we need photos of it to know how awful it was. We're working on all the other diseases and we're getting better at it." She put a cigarette in her mouth and tried a lighter. Sparks, no flame. No good. Shit, she needed some time. "Bedbugs? Mosquitoes? We rain chemical poisons from the sky with airplanes to kill them." Another lighter. This produced a flame. Good. But she needed cover so she tried to light her cigarette. "We're so ardent on killing them that we are accidentally poisoning everything else around them too. Tell me, what do you think they'll do to you? In the age of guns and missiles?"

"Very amusing," hissed the voice. It was closer now, it echoed less. "But you are still here. Alone."

"True. But the thing about me is that I grew up around people that'll kill me for the money in my wallet. You can kill me. But so could have so many other people in my life. Like my ex." she mused. She sat down on a nearby chair. It had who-knows-what on it but who cares? She set down her shopping on her side and let her hand rest on it while she held the cigarette out. 
"And the thing about my ex..." she began but coughed. Hell of a time to start a habit. But he was still was looking at her, not at the hand in her shopping bag. "The thing about my ex? He scared me and he got off on it. Now that's scary!" she said and took out the vodka. "So is global warming. We made it and we sure as shit don't really care to stop it." She undid the lid and put it into the hand where she held the lighter. "You? You're almost comforting. You show that something in the universe went out of its way to make you, to show you it cares!" she said. She had no idea where she was going with this, she was sure she had a point but it kind of felt lost. Oh well. Her other hand, the one that wasn't holding the vodka, was in the shopping bag and undid another lid with her nails.

"This prattle no longer amuses me," came the voice from behind her. He still threw it but she could tell. Good. She was ready now. "You change the subject. You are about to die and you are defenseless. No missile. No gun. No cross. No oaken stake," he whispered now, mockingly. She did not hear him coming. 

"I told you," she replied. "Chemical warefare" and with that, she pulled out the hairspray from her shopping bag and turned around. She saw him for an instant, a pale face with red eyes. But not two great fangs, just a leech-like mouth with three large incisors. Which she sprayed lit hairspray and flammable vodka straight into. 

He screamed and it was far high-pitched that it was a shrill whine. But she did not stop. As he recoiled from the flames, she threw the vodka bottle at him. It hit and shattered, so the flames that momentarily held on his clothes suddenly found fuel. From there he became a conflagration. Some part of him was still human enough to drop and roll rather than flee. During which she had enough time to throw another bottle at him, causing the flames to go higher. She didn't even need to spray him again.

"I warned you."