It was a spectacle. At first, few people were paying attention. It wasn’t rare for the local wildlife to scuffle about in the streets, but the unbridled ferocity on show was to be marvelled at.

A small dragon and a crow were tussling over a golden coin. The dragon’s green scales glistened in the morning sunlight as the crow’s black feathers gleamed with a glossy glow. 

Both creatures’ claws firmly held the coin in tow and both pairs of wings flapped wildly to try and rip it from the others grasp. To no avail. That’s when the dragon arched it’s neck before releasing a deluge of scarlet flame.

The crowd that stood below gasped. We expected the crow to fall limply to the ground as a smoking pile of flesh for the rats to enjoy. But, it kept flapping. The crow’s body now inverted, it twisted the coin and one of the dragon’s claws slipped.

As it’s second claw began to falter, the dragon whipped around and lashed the side of the crow with it’s tail. Feathers gently wafted towards the ground as the crow’s claws slipped from the coin.

At this point many turned away apart from a few hopeful souls who held their cameras trained upon the creatures. The dragon bellowed, a light whimsical roar, and tried to fly off, but the crow had managed to grab the dragon’s tail with one of it’s claws. Green scales slowly fell as the crow clawed along the dragon’s back. Eventually, the two began to lose altitude. The dragon did it’s best to control the descent but they ended up crashing into an umbrella outside one of the cafes. The coin bobbled out and clinked on the ground as it began to roll away along the road. 

The two creatures shot off from the umbrella, both trying to reach the coin. The dragon once again let out a roar of flames, trying to hinder the crow as it’s sheer black form rocketed towards the coin.

The crow pulled up to avoid the inferno as the dragon pushed with all its might. It was so close. But the crow came crashing in. It had managed to regain it’s speed and composure and barrel into the side of the dragon, barely throwing it off, but just enough. Both creature scrabbled along the ground, just to watch the coin disappear into a drain. Both jumped and thrusted a claw down the drain. 

Everyone expected them to get up, yet all watched with a breath stuck in their chest as both slowly pulled back, the coin firmly clutched between their grasps. You could almost swear both held an expression of relief for the briefest of moments before the brawl began again.

After a few seconds, one spectator bravely walked towards the duo. They carefully held their arms out, one palm holding something. Eventually the two creatures stopped squirming to investigate the intruder. They eyed his palm and noticed another glinting golden coin. Without a sound, nor a gesture or anything of the sorts, the crow grabbed the coin in its beak and flew off. The dragon clutching the other in it’s paw did the same. 

And with that, the brawl was finished. Everyone returned to what they were doing, whether it had been eating, working or simply commuting, the day continued, with a new story to share.