The Demon laughed heartily at the miscommunication.

"FOOL! You think semantics are any match for me, Lord Acsurgarothe??"

I stood defiant, despite the flecks of brimstone and spit hitting my face as he laughed.

He continued his villainous chuckle.

"You-- you silly little human! HA HA You stand before Lord Acsurgarothe and do NOTHING?? YOU WEAK-- HA HA HA --PITIFUL-- HA HEE HO --MISERABLE WEAKLIN-- ah, damn."

I continued to stand, unflinchingly brave in the demon's waning presence. He slouched and squinted his eyes in frustration.

"Seriously? Like, you're not-- oh jeez, my ribs-- you're not gonna swing at me, or I dunno... call upon your Patron or Ancestral Spirit to help out, or... SOMETHING?!"

He had bent over, winded from his unending laughter, but quickly regained his dramatic gravitas. 

"AH, YES! YOU MUST BE..."

An eruption of hellfire and bats sprung from behind him as he leaped inches from my nose. I could feel sulfur and rotten fish stench seeping into my pores as he guffawed in my face. His face twisted into a sadistic grin and he bellowed even louder:

"TERRIFIED!!!"

I stared back at him as he recoiled in confusion.

"Okay, so what the hell, man? This was supposed to be your grand-stand, big moment kill the baddie victory, and you're just STANDING there?! WHAT KIND OF HUMAN ARE YOU???"

I gave him a slight smirk and watched his frustration turn into fear.

"I'm the type of human that feeds the crows outside of her house."

I raised one hand to sky and braced myself. The Demon recoiled and shouted in fearful protest.

"No, nooo, no no nono. What are DOING??"

I closed my fist and screamed:

"YO BOYS!"

"ITS DINNERTIIIIIIIIIIIIME!"

The Demon wailed in agony as a large black mass of feathers and hunger flew down and bore a hole through his stomach.

The crow swooped back around for seconds, and soon the Demon's cracked, disgusting flesh was covered in starving birds.

I walked away to leave my babies to their meal, and grabbed an apple sitting on the vendor's table and flipped the man a gold coin.

My job was done here.