“No… it’s impossible…”

The young pupil looked up at the wizened mage, “what is it, archmage?”

The archmage sighed, “it doesn’t seem right, yet my readings indicate that there’s a spot where a total of five disasters are happening at once, two is impressive, three is very rare, and four has only been created in a lab setting… five… five is unheard of.”

\_\_\_\_\_\_

The duel had been going on for years.

Trinomeer launched Faelus into the ocean, Faelus dragging him down with him. Beneath the surface the pair created enough arcane energy to summon a volcano which slowly formed a small island, now high enough to stand above the surface, there’s no holding back. Faelus knew this was the endgame. Either he or Trinomeer would be defeated today, he had to bring everything he had.

A hurricane had formed around them, with the duelists beneath its eye. A hurricane was headed straight for the coastline. Tornadoes and whirlpools danced around the island like hungry predators ready to feast on the loser. The island’s volcano spewed lava and smoke into the sky, forming a dark cloud of ash within the storm’s eye.

The storm clouds rained water, snow, hail, and acid from above. The ground quaked and shook beneath them enough to make it seem like the island itself was rocked like a tiny boat against a storm.

Battered from every side, on the verge of frostbite and third-degree burns the pair battled. Faelus could barely see his opponent through the clouds of mist, rain, snow, and ash, but he only needed to see a blur to know where Trinomeer was and unleash his spells upon him. He pushed against the wind and rain, moving steadily forward toward his opponent. Step by step, inch by inch, quarreling with the storm.

Trinomeer expected Faelus to attempt to defeat him with magic, but the pair were evenly matched. After enough spellcasting the disasters would tear them apart, it was only sheer will that kept them alive. Faelus, however, had a different plan. He moved closer and closer until his opponent was no longer a blur. They stared down one another, both attempting to read the other’s next move. Faelus smiled, Trinomeer could try as he might, but he would not expect his next move.

Ironic, considering that it was the same way Trinomeer nearly defeated Faelus all those years ago. But back then he had only the ocean to push Faelus into, now Faelus had something much more deadly. Faelus rammed into Trinomeer, throwing him backward into the volcano. Trinomeer’s face lit up with fear and surprise, but he wasn’t done. Muttering an incantation, Faelus sent a barrage of wind against Trinomeer’s back, sending him falling into the volcano behind him.

Faelus let forth a string of curses, verbal, not magical, and sighed. Either they would both die, or they would both survive this and end up fighting for years more. He was ready for this to end, but not until he finished what he started. He would make sure to bring Trinomeer with him, and Trinomeer was sure to do the same.