I spoke up, but I regretted it.  Someone slugged me in the mouth.

"You think this is funny?" The angered stranger bellowed.

"Spiritvine bind!"  I shouted with a burst of will.  5 shades appeared and held the man in place.  Of course only I could see these spirits.

"She's not breathing" shouted the man who asked for a doctor.  People were panicking but I walked over to the now deceased woman.  She had died from a lack of oxygen in the pool.

The lifeguard was already performing CPR.  Good.

I sat and began preparations.  I started to form the image of the spell in my mind.  I was also drawing together my will.  I also drew on a secret mantle of power that could get me into a lot of trouble.  Hell necromancy in general could get me killed.  People in the know have made it illegal, so I needed to be quick.  I asked if anyone knew the woman's name.

"Marideth." someone said.

Then I put her name into the incantation, and began the spell.  A lot of things happened at once.

First, people began falling down from exhaustion.  Second the woman began to levitate, as the energy entered her body.  The lights blew up from the amount of magic in the air.  People were beginning to pass out.

Not yet, not yet.  Not yet.  NOW!

I finished the evocation, and the woman coughed up some water, and then was breathing.  I hopped up and ran out the door.  No way the phones worked here anymore.  I ran across the street to a gas station, and used their public phone to call 911 and give the address and email that a woman was in danger of dry drowning.

I ran back in, just as people were regaining their energy. Awesome.  Did it right.  

When the paramedics showed up I sat quietly by the wall.  I just sat, and listed to the demon.  He had the mantle of power I drew open earlier.  He blabbered on and on about how I should have used the soul bind as well, so she could act as a servant, and blah blah blah.

"Shut up" I thought at it.  It did.  For five seconds.

It only left me alone when I was being interigated by the police...

So three weeks later, here I am.  Sitting in a psych hospital, and being declared as derranged because I believe I'm a necromancer.  Fuck.