I was just about to go to bed when there was a knock on my door. I frowned. It was midnight. Who the hell would be out this late?  
  
  
  
I got up and went to the door, peeking out the window first. I didn't see anyone, but then I noticed the strange light coming from the end of the street.  
  
  
  
I opened the door and saw a man there, holding a candle. He looked like he'd been through a war. He was a haggard man of average height, but his face was scarred and he had a missing left arm. He wore a black trench coat, open and flapping behind him. It looked like it had seen better days. The most striking thing about him was that he was wearing a black fedora. I've never seen anyone wear a fedora these days.  
  
  
  
"Can I help you?" I asked.  
  
  
  
"I'm looking for the necromancer."  
  
  
  
"I'm the only necromancer in town," I said.  
  
  
  
"Are you Fray?" he asked. He had a strange accent. I couldn't place it.  
  
  
  
"Who's asking?" I said.  
  
  
  
"My name is Van Helsing," he said. "I need your help."  
  
  
  
"I don't know anyone by that name," I said. "Are you sure you have the right person?"  
  
  
  
"This is the right place. I've been searching for you for days."  
  
  
  
I stared at him for a moment, then stepped aside to let him in. He walked into my place and went straight to the kitchen. He pulled out a chair and sat down. I followed him and offered him something to drink, but he refused.  
  
  
  
"Why are you here?" I asked. "I'm not sure I even know what you mean by necromancer."  
  
  
  
"You raise the dead," he said. "I want you to bring back my daughter."  
  
  
  
"That's the only thing out of all that that makes sense," I said. "What happened? Is she sick?"  
  
  
  
"No," he said. "She's been murdered. My wife and I have been keeping her soul out of the hands of her killers. It was draining my wife's life force to do so. It was a losing battle. I was afraid that she would die before I could bring her back. My wife died three days ago."  
  
  
  
"I'm so sorry," I said. "I assume it was vampires?"  
  
  
  
"Yes," he said. "I trusted them. They were vampires who used to be other people, but once they were changed, they lost all their humanity. When we tried to get them to stop killing people, they had my wife killed."  
  
  
  
I nodded. This was more than a little off the wall, but I usually don't turn down clients. I always do my best to help them.  
  
  
  
"I'm sorry for your loss," I said. "I understand that this is hard for you, but bringing someone back from the dead is a lot harder than it sounds. There's a lot of paperwork, and it takes a lot of preparation. I usually charge three thousand dollars."  
  
  
  
"I'll pay you that plus expenses," he said.  
  
  
  
I shook my head.  
  
  
  
"I'm sorry, but I can't accept that," I said. "I'm sorry, but I've done a lot of work with the dead, and they all have a spirit, a soul. She doesn't have one anymore."  
  
  
  
"I was hoping we could go to the bank and get the paperwork I need to get her soul back," he said.  
  
  
  
"I don't understand," I said.  
  
  
  
He went to the pantry and took out a piece of paper and handed it to me. I was so surprised when I looked at it, I dropped it. It was a check made out to me in the amount of $66,666.66. I picked it up and accepted his offer. (Cannot finish story sorry)