Hello, this is John Johnson for the channel 8 nightly news covering the great birth boom. It’s been 9 months since humanity narrowly avoided complete annihilation and the explosion of custody and child support cases has taken our world by storm. 

With a new birthdate that makes the end of World War 2 look like a drop in the bucket the American government has struggled with how to handle this unprecedented issue. Three weeks earlier Congress and the president in a desperate attempt to handle the problem legalized polygamy to support fathers who were a little too energetic during the great craze. 

We have senator Dave Dilby to talk about the controversial Family Support Through Mandated Marriages act they sponsored that made its way to the president’s desk during a now common moment of bi partisanship, something only last year would have been thought impossible. Senator, what do you think of our government’s current solutions to these problems?

Well John, I think it goes without saying that during these unprecedented times we’ve been forced into unprecedented solutions. By making this bill contingent on the Increasing Responsible Fatherhood act of 2036, we’ve actually seen widespread approval of these legislative actions. 

But senator, don’t you think that this act strips away the rights of American citizens in favor of a nebulous goal of helping children?

Listen John, no one wants an entire generation of kids with no father, and mothers without money to raise those kids. This is the single solution that we have for this now. Consenting mother’s are married to their children’s fathers and we help them with additional funding. We’re solving civilizations woes with this bill you hear. 

But senator, aren't you just queuing up problems for tomorrow.

LISTEN, If everyone just used the damn free condoms we were handing out like TICKER TAPE, we wouldn't be in this situation. If you want to avoid these issues, you need to avoid making them.

Thank you for your time senator. I hope it works out as well as you think it will. Back to you Tricia.