The Goblin siege had put the city's coffers to ruin; once the garrison of Hopsmill had been overrun the barron had had to resort to hiring mercenaries, offering rewards to any adventurers in the city walls and bounties on Goblin heads to spur the population into taking action. The Goblins, however, had sieged in prolific numbers, Adventurers demanded a premium and trustworthy mercenaries were equally high in value - and the populace had simply been too frightened to make much of a difference in the swelling of the green long-eared creatures' numbers.

Certainly, the influx of Goblins had finally turned to a trickle of reinforcements and now even the masses of them that populated the sprawling camp outside of the gates had a bedraggled look, some of the tents around the edges dark, lacking a cooking fire or other signs of inhabitation. In the early morning, as the Goblins' camp began to rouse, a susurrus of excitement sememed to pulse among the remaining greenskins, though; a particularly large ogre had finally stirred from the monstrously large tent that stood at the center of it all, and the rotund creature, shouting and growling orders, gathered something resembling an honor guard to himself as he strode through the encampment, brandishing a large double-headed axe in one hand and a club easily as tall as a Goblin, beset with bull's horns, in the other.

The Ogre and his 'guard' crossed uncontested into the no man's land that had naturally formed in the conflict; the corpses of hundreds of Goblins and as many men lay scattered and discarded like so many gruesome, spent toys among the field; the Ogre didn't so much as bother to walk around them, seemed to revel in the crunch of brittle bone, the squelch of rotten flesh under his bare feet as he approached Hopsmill's main gate, an imposing, intimidating figure roaring out a sound that was as much challenge as it was promise; today the Goblin horde would take the city of Hopsmill for their own.

Garret made an odd figure as he strode forward on the parapets, a two-foot square wooden shield tucked paradoxically under his arm, and raised a silver horn to his lips, blowing out a single long note in reply; it was a petulant, smooth note that cut through the Ogre's roar like a knife, the simple audacity of the harmonious sound that echoed into the hills confusing the Ogre; his maw remained open while he took in the man who stood on the roof of of the gatehouse, looked briefly at the horn and then spoke into it; the device glowed a shimmering blue while it amplified his voice to a level that it might be heard anywhere the horn's previous note had fallen.

"Hunghar Cracktooth! Hear me!" proclaimed Garret. "I am Garret Shimmerstone, proprietor of the Shimmerstone Inn and Mercantile like my father, and my father's father, and eight of our fathers before us!" The man's clarion voice rang out, sang about and stilled even the unruly goblins in their camp to silence. Hunghar growled out an impolite sound best interpreted as 'Who cares!?' and Garret continued, "I've stood idly by while you laid waste to our army. I've stood idly by while you slaughtered those our barron hired to replace them. Now though, I will stand idly by no more!"

A flickering star flew from the parapets, somewhere a few dozen yards down the wall - it whisped across no man's land, almost invisible in the light of the rising sun. Where it dropped into a small smattering of leather Goblin tents it sunk into the ground. For a moment, nothing happened; then a yawning black abyss opened, a number of monstrous tentacles rose from the darkness and swiped up the tents, inhabitants and all, dragging them into the stygian darkness even while the gaping chasm closed.

A second star flickered from the parapets. A third, a fourth, a fifth; each in different colors, and each with their own effect; Here, a wild explosion rocked and tore through a gathering of Goblins, the force of the blast ripping them to shreds. There, a twenty foot tall wall of ice encircled another group, gathered around a fire for their morning stew; the wall grew long glimmering spikes on it's inside face and then shrank in on itself, crushing and skewering anything within it's perimeter as if the fire at it's center had offended it. A trio of images took shape, ephemeral and transparent; nevertheless, the red-tinged lions roared and dove into the goblin camp with glee and malice aforethought.

From behind the crenellations rose a few pale faces, each accompanied by hands that held smoldering wands; five dropped their spent devices and were swiftly handed other ones. More faces rose from behind the wall; ten, twenty, thirty, each with rods or filligree wands or staves; a particularly impressive-looking staff was leveled at Hunghar, who had just about enough time to shriek before the blast of lightning tore through him, and from him through his 'honor guard', leaving masses of unidentifiable, hissing, smoldering flesh in it's wake.

As the firestorm of chaotic, wild and undisciplined magic truly began to flow from the battlements in a tidal wave of random, unpredictable effects, Garret looked at the half dozen empty chests that stood behind him, labelled 'Magic; Wands, Rods, Staves, Unsorted,' He nodded, finally dropping the spent Horn of Amplification on the floor, where it began to sizzle and melt back into the components it had been shaped from. He took the shield- no, the sign - out from under his arm and smirked grimly at it. This was the end of an era, and the beginning of a new one.

"No credit, my ass." he muttered, dropping the sign off the crenelations and into the chaos below.