The small shop was not busy. Who would have guessed, in a human city, where only human food was available, the only shminsi restaurant would be all but empty? Gorff guessed. He guessed right away. They were the only restaurant to take federation credits and there were only two life forms dining that night. A server overheard the couple lament they couldn't find anywhere to exchange their credits. Probably the only reason they were there at all.

Even homesick individuals could find earth versions of their favorites at some of the restaurants. Spega bug stuffed raviolis, stir fried vyyix and rice, even foramush burgers. Someone had even tried to smoke cure pecsent, though the resulting grease fire got the fatty rodents banned from earth.

The buzzer sounded a new customer entering. Ugh. A smaxivor. He oozed his way to the credit exchange machine and put in 100 federation credits. Damn, Gorff tried to hide that machine in the corner. Sure he made some profit off of it, but not as much as on an actual customer. The other patrons were staring at him too. Not good. Luckily they were too polite to leave after they had already ordered. Gorff already knew they wouldn't be back. At least not for food.

As the bus boy mopped up the mucus trail left by the last patron, Gorff began contemplating once again using earth recipes. The owner of his establishment wouldn't be happy. He was the one paying the bills. Gorff knew the restaurant wouldn't last in this state but at least for now Gorff was getting paid. How long could that last though?

Another customer entered. A human this time. He had a crew of sorts with him, all with video cameras. What was this? Gorff glided over to the front on his many tiny legs.

"Comewell here. Have what? Table people number?" Gorff's english was not good.

"Hello, are you the manager in charge of this restaurant?" The human said.

"Yes, he's me"

"Great. My name is Gordon Ramsay and I would like to help fix your restaurant"

Tonight on Kitchen Nightmares, Federation Edition.