You trembled in your ragged fur-boots, quaking in anxiousness.
The things you've heard, the things you've read, and the rumours of the absolute gory details told through word of mouth.

Hell, there are even talks about finally finding the key to ending this godforsaken war.

You're about to meet him -- The one that will potentially stop the war. The war that has plagued you and everyone else you know for generations.

A squire bolts in through the cobble corridors, entering your hall. 

"Hear ye, Hear ye, He has cometh.

The mighty! The sovereign! The Befeller of tribulation itself!

By the order of the creed Alliances, to join your humble crew. We announce you the arrival of the Grand Warrior!--"

You pushed down air through your throat as if a centipede crawled inside your neck, eye-widened, sweating bullets, and you couldn't help to be excited yet frightened to see the legend.

You hear footsteps as iron clanking - trudging through the hardwood floors.

"--Annointed, by the Overseer's oil and blessed from the waters of Sarvaie... And...

 And... A-And Awww FUCKIT!!! I'm not fucking reading this anymore, I'm getting paid no matter what. 

Whatever, yatti-yatta-yatta The creed will charge you of contempt and arrest you if you ever return him..."

Concluded by the squire in an exasperated manner

You looked rather confused. Clueless as to what that last part was about.

Then suddenly,

An audible gasp can be heard outside of your walls. Men and Women startled as the walking steps drew closer.

The sound takes a full halt, He enters the room.

A Giant sword chiseling the Narra floorboards, taller than your height it barely even fits through the doorway. You looked up to see a giant, and then there in full-view you see his face. 

His green slimy face.

It's a low-life Demi-human birth from Cross-species breeding.

"Aww fuck no, I don't want to deal with his kind" you whispered.

With his 8-foot stature he looks down at you with his beady yellow eyes and rectangle pupils.
He squats down a little and leans closer to your face.

You are taken aback.

"My Kind?"