Said the counselor Erf to his majesty Rosean. 

"It's bad enough we have to depend on them, don't praise them" he interjected. 

Rosean looked out his window, the blue flame of his cruisers reactor core exploding reflects in the eyes of both.

"It's beautiful, if only it weren't so expensive" 

"200 Years ago they were fossile burning apes. Now they own 5% of the milky way. How could it have come to this?" 

"Do you want me to answer this?" 

"No, I know." 

He turned away and headed towards the door. It opens and a uniformed man entered. 

"Oh excuse me. I wanted to introduce myself, I am the captain of this ship and commander of the 108th fleet, Renold Merth. You may call me Commander Merth." 

"I am Rosean, prince of Ros'tan. And this is Erf, my counselor." 

"I am pleased to meet you, though you aren't supposed to be here. We had checked and this area was meant to be free of ships." The commander said as he inspected the two strangers on his ship. 

Angered by the accusation Rosean replied: "The Ros'tan do not disclose all routes and traffic due to security concerns." 

"You do realise that under the galactic charter on peace time travel, which your father signed, you are required to disclose it?" 

"How is that relevant now?" Rosean asked in confusion. 

The commander looked down at his Tablet and elaborated: "We are testing technologies here you do not have privileges to know about. I have a waiver here you will sign exempting us of any fault that may appear in connection to your crash" 

Smelling an assassination plot Erf looked Merth in his eyes: "Are you responsible for this?"

"We don't know." He responded after a second of thinking. 

Rosean picked up on Erfs mistrust: "What if I don't sign it?" 

Merth smiled as if he waited for him to say that: "We will charge you with espionage and drag the royal family before the court of justice. Do I need to remind you that on this rotation your former colonies are on the panel?" 

The prince realised he had no hand to play here and begrudgingly agreed: "Fine. I will sign it." 

"Pleasure doing business with you. We will drop you off in two days at the nearest embassy, dinner will be held at 18:00 in the Captains lounge" 

Erf shook his head in disbelief: "The nearest embassy is on Kolar, that's more than a week away" 

"Is it?" The commander replied, as he turned around and exited the room. Outside his Officer waited for him. 

"Are you sure it was a good idea to tell him that?"

"They always had one out for us. I couldn't help it. Besides the drive is already a few years old. Appearing weak has been the policy for some time now." Merth explained as they walked down the hallway. 

"So what's the goal?" 

"Shock and awe"