_When I grow up, I want to be a monster catcher, just like my daddy._ 

He lowered the crayon drawing. Weariness crawled over his limbs, sinking into his muscles, his veins. His eyelids slid shut. The desk lamp glowed fiercely, burning his pupils anyhow. 

_"And how many claws does Stewie have?"_ 

_"He doesn't have claws, Daddy."_ 

_"No claws?"_ 

_"No, Daddy. He's like the monster you caught at the grocery store."_ 

His eyes fluttered back open and locked with the screen of his desktop computer before him. Displayed there in brilliant blue pixels was the story: **SOUTHERN DEVILS CATCH VAGRANT SPIRIT IN SUBURBAN SUPERMARKET.** 

It wasn't glorious work, but boy, did the papers make it out to seem that way. It was almost beginning to fool him. It definitely had his daughter fooled. 

_"I want to be a hero, like you."_ 

_"Like me?"_ 

_"Like you, Daddy. Catchin' all the demons, and lockin' them up, and makin' sure they don't hurt anybody anymore."_ 

Before, when his own Pa had worked, their small family company had been mostly known by the locals around southern California. And then suddenly, there were spirits everywhere, and The Southern Devils and Co. had become one of the largest spirit pest control units in the northern hemisphere. Their holding stables had quadrupled in size. The staff on the ranch had ballooned. Equipment for quicker more precise round-ups had been added to their inventory. Together, they could locate, lure, trap, and herd a demon in under two hours. 

It was tedious work, dangerous work. _But glorious, 'patriotic' work? Really?_ He scoffed at the article. 

_"I wanna save all the people, just like you did."_ 

It pained him, to hear her say those things. Little Isabella. Beautiful Isabella. She had chosen ballet for her extra-curricular sport although she hadn't seemed as interested in the fluff and frills as the other seven-year-olds had. She was immersed in the ranch. Fair enough. She had grown up there: clinging to the back of the pick-ups as they pulled in another catch, hanging off the end of the corral fences and observing the spirits roam and pulse. She had grown up with dirt, dust, and demons. It wouldn't be fair for him to ask her to aspire to anything different. 

_"So, I'm catching Stewie."_ She had been playing another game of pretend that afternoon, still dressed in her school clothes. She had a long stick, a replica of the staying-gun he himself carried when on call. _"And Stewie is a bad, bad demon."_ 

She had been running around the yard, throwing herself off the porch, yelling instructions to the dogs, sprinting off to the nearby barn, where some of the real, major demons were housed. He couldn't deny her natural talent. She was comfortable around the creatures. She didn't baulk or hesitate as some new trainees did. She could read their writhing bodies, handle their spontaneous bursts of energy and twitching movements. 

_"What about working in the city?"_ He would gently remind her. He wanted to grab her by the shoulders, implore her to be something different, play a different imaginary game. _Don't you understand? This profession took your mother. I'm only trying to save you._ But she only blinked endearingly at him. Her small hand would pat his arm. 

_"Daddy, I don't want to work in the city anymore. I want to stay out here, on the ranch, with you, and catch monsters."_ 

He watched her play round-up with the imaginary "Stewie". Inside, he had grieved. 

And now, staring down at this crayon drawing in his untidy, cramped little office, he felt as if his heart was breaking. The picture was simple: him, her, and both of them sporting lasso-guns, pointed at a horrible, sprawling mass of black and purple crayon lines. And a third figure, standing behind the dark cloud, drawn with light, almost sceptical colours. A scrawled name and an arrow: MOMMY. 

_"I will save all the Mommies in the world, Daddy. Just like the ones you saved at the supermarket. I will do it, Daddy. I will be just like you."_