Sam poured himself another cup of coffee. He looked at Frank, but Frank simply shook his head. Frank never drank coffee, not even on long stakeouts, which tonight would be a long stakeout. They were both monster hunters. Sam looked the part, no one would be surprised to see him in a heated battle with a vampire or werewolf. Frank did not, being short, scrawny, middle-aged, and mostly bald.  He looked like he should be filling out paperwork in the back office and asking where form R532-A is. Instead, he was on a stakeout for a werewolf.

Except they weren’t staking out to find the werewolf. They knew where he was, one floor up asleep in his bed. They were hired by the werewolf to watch for a stalker. The werewolf, James, thought someone might have guessed he was a werewolf and be coming after him. That’s where the hunters come in. We would keep the peace between the supernatural and the natural.

As Sam took a sip from his cup, a crashing was heard above. Both Sam and Frank took off running, quickly finding their way to James’s bedroom.  There stood a man holding a gun as James sat in his bed with his arms in the air. The man looked at us, briefly turned the gun towards us, then brought it back to James before shouting, “WHO ARE YOU?”

“I’m Sam and this is Frank. We are part of the supernatural protection agency or SPA.” Sam said as he studied the situation. He was unsure if the bullets were silver, but they most likely were. Even if they weren’t they could seriously hurt James. 

The man looked surprised after hearing about the SPA and asked, “Are you here to take care of this werewolf?”

“No, we are here to stop you from murdering that man,” Frank replied in a monotone voice.

The man was stunned for a second before replying, “What do you mean murder? He is a monster.”

“He is James and it is still murder. He hasn’t done anything wrong. No please hand us your gun,” Frank said, putting his hand out.

“He is a werewolf. He is going to go on a rampage and kill us all.”

“James has never had any issues with his transformation and is a model citizen. You have broken into his house and threatened to murder him. Please hand over your gun,” Frank said and took a step forward. The man frantically towards Frank as he moved and accidentally pulled the trigger. A blast rang out as the bullet ripped through Frank’s head. 

However, no blood flew out, just a black mist. Sam was the first to react. “We need to get out of here now. Both of you let’s go.” Sam pulled them out of the room and hurried them down the stairs. They got to the bottom of the stairs before a thump was heard and the whole house shook a bit. Sam pushed the other two into the living room and stood in the hallway.

“What was that?” the man asked.

“That was something scary that you have angered. James, can you transform?” Sam said as he watched the bottom of the stairs.

“It’s only a half-moon, so it’ll take a while for me to work up enough energy.” 

“Okay, start trying to. You two might have to make a break for it.”

“What is going on?” the man asked.

“I was given three tasks when I was given this position. Protect humans from the supernatural, Protect the supernatural from humans, and keep an eye on Frank. I was told that the last one is the most important.” Sam said. 

Before anyone could reply, something came down the stairs. It was like the void itself was slowly floating towards us, consuming all light, heat, and even emotions. Its tendrils slowly reached out and then zipped back in as it drifted towards us.

“Frank, let’s calm down. How about you return to your human form.”

“I just want to have a look at the one who shot me. Just let me take a peek at his soul.”

“Frank, a peek from you will destroy that man. Let us just calm down.” Sam said with his hand up as he slowly backed into the living room.

Then in a single moment, Frank slipped by him and rushed towards the man, his tendrils reaching out to envelop him. But before they could reach him, the man was whisked away by a large furry object. James had managed to transform and had gotten to the man before Frank could.

Though now in his werewolf form, James could feel how truly frightening Frank was. James could help but shiver as he stood between Frank and his target. Frank approached him as his tendril reached out, but James didn’t budge. Frank paused and appeared to be looking at James.

Then he condensed into a single spot, slowly forming a human shape as the void resisted being forced into a definite form. After a little while, Frank stood there in his human form, except for his pure black eyes that still showed his unnatural power. 

“I think that is enough for tonight,” Frank said.