Having powers was nothing unusual since this comet melted in the earth's atmosphere and spread its mystery across the globe. Maybe you could run 40 miles per hour. Maybe lift half a ton without much training. Maybe jump 6 feet high standing still. People mostly had ordinary jobs, using their power to boost their income as well as possible.

"Please, give me a detailed list of the powers you have developed, and what class you would rank them in."

These were the class 1 or 2 powers, which have gotten fairly common by now. They are harmless powers, usually just simple enhancements that were not too much danger to society. There were some additional laws, and your powers were added to your ID card, but otherwise, that was it.

If you were ranked into the rare class 3, you had to wear a tracker all the time to make it harder for you to commit crimes. Also, the military would be trying to get you signed up. After all, things like teleportation, intangibility, or flight make good criminals. At least, that is what the government thinks. Protests were no use against the constant fear-mongering. Naturally, if your power was prone to get you to class 3, you would try to play it down. Which was what I was doing today.

Just that my powers are class 4.

"I have some sort of anti-aging that keeps me fit. I also have improved stamina and regeneration, but only on a class 1 level. I'd personally rank me a class 2."

These were my passive powers, I couldn't hide that. I forced my body to be chill and make it sound natural.

"Have you taken any examinations of what causes these conditions"

Oh come on, I was hoping they'd make it short. Stay calm, you have nothing to hide.

"The doctor says my cellular regenerations are boosted, which allows me to recover from exercise or injury much faster. It also seems to work against cell aging. I am just always in perfect shape."

Please, no more questions or a mandatory check-up. If my doctor wasn't one of our family friends, I would be in serious trouble by now. Class 4 will get you into trouble. I wasn't even using my power to its full extent. But if they knew, they would probably force me into lifelong house arrest with cameras everywhere.

"Since you can fix your cells, has your doctor found any hints about your condition allowing cell reorganization?"

Oh shit. Any form of shape-shifting was a class 3. But I was prepared for this. I handed her the doctor's report, which thankfully didn't include that I very well could reorganize my cells. And even add more or remove them to my liking. I was like a shape shifter on crack. I could just transform into an elephant and kill her, then turn into a fly and escape. But that was going to cause trouble.

"I see, only healing, no more. That would make you a class 2 indeed. How are you planning your future with your new abilities?"

Thankfully, I was not planning to make a living out of my power. And I was prepared for this question as well.

"I haven't really planned on utilizing it. I love my office job and my boss would be very happy if I stay with them, since I'm unlikely to ever be sick. I think I might start training for marathons since I can handle the distances now."

"Alright. I have everything noted down, we will notify you when your documents are ready."

PHEW

"You look like you successfully made it a class 2, congratulations!" Bobby realized.

"Oh boy, this lady seemed to know the tricks. Bless God that I have always been a good liar and you really helped me prepare. Now I just have to pray that I never accidentally raise suspicion."

If there was any suspicion, they would use one of their agents with lie detection powers on me. There was little to no hope in this case.

"Well, I am not going to spill the beans if you stay silent as well. Otherwise, I will squeeze you to death." Bobby had full-ass telekinesis and could lift entire cars remotely. But he managed to persuade the officer that he could only throw smaller things around.

"Same goes for me. Tell anybody and you will have to 1v1 your worst fears." I laughed back. One year back I spotted him throwing a plant container with his mind. Bobby almost died of fear, he probably would have lost his job if they figured out his true strength. He was very thankful that I kept my mouth shut and made a false statement that it was already broken when we arrived. Since that, we have grown to be best friends. I hope he never has to reciprocate that.