“3rd and Clay, 3rd and Clay. Where is Clay?” I mutter to myself. I’m driving down 3rd Street in my white Prius. I bought it a month ago with the compensation I received after providing my post-post-mortem support during the recent Sunset Hill Killer trial. Man have times changed since I first became a necromancer. I never imagined one of us would be able to use our powers to serve the community within the law.

After all, it’s a lot easier to get a conviction these days when the deceased themselves can testify and say “He killed me”.

Breaking early at a yellow light (I always stop at yellows) I finally spot the telltale sign of the site of my next job, flashing red and blue lights and yellow crime tape. I find a parking spot the next street over, get out, and dust off my sports coat and shirt to remove any wrinkles.

Personally, I don’t get the appeal of necromancers thinking black is the new black. I swear, half the reason why so many folks in this country still think necromancers are creepy is because 99% of us are! Black robes and hoods, give me a break. Try dressing for the job you want sometime. I straighten my bowtie (my favorite Tom and Jerry one with Tom as an angel), make sure to grab my briefcase with the all important “don’t sue me” papers, then walk over to the crime scene.

Maneuvering past people in the crowd that’s slowly starting to form, I wave to an officer I recognize.

“Evening.” I greet him cheerfully.

“Mr. Mord! Good to see you.” He replies as he lifts up the yellow crime tape blocking the sidewalk. I dip underneath and continue walking, looking for the officer in charge.

“Ah Aaron Mord, over here.” I see an officer waving me over. I don’t recognize her. Her nameplate reads “Carter”.

“Officer Anna Carter” She introduces herself as she hold out her hand. “Nice to meet you.”

“Aaron Mord, likewise.” I respond shaking her hand. “I don’t believe we’ve met, how did you recognize me?” I ask, genuinely curious.

“I saw your bowtie” She says with a smile, “You’re rather recognizable. Especially after the Sunset Hill Case"

I let out a small chuckle, “Well, I suppose that is a partial goal for my attire. I like to keep things light to balance out the somewhat darker side of my abilities and my occupation.”

“Well it shows,” she says, giving me another smile. "Over here, the body is this way.”

"Lead on” I acknowledge, and follow her to a body covered by a white sheet.

“Estimated time of death was around 45 minutes ago. Subject was in their mid 20s. Young woman. Late night dog walker found her. No physical injuries of any kind as far as we can see.” Carter informs me.

“Ok, so you just want me to bring her back to give some answers? No special parameters?” I ask.

“Nope,” she replies. “Just a standard Raise Grade 1. You have the DREAD form?”

I pull out the Deceased Revival Emancipation and Accountability Decree form D10 from my briefcase. I hand it over for Carter to review and she scans it before signing at the bottom. This form acknowledges that this raise is done in the presence of law enforcement, conducted by a certified necromancer, and a whole host of other stipulations. Since all raises exert a small level of control over the raised subject, precautions are in place to prevent any sort of forced control or enslavement over bodies, even if the person in question is not fully alive.

“Thanks” I accept the form back and return it to my briefcase. Then I set it down and crack my fingers. “Okay, this is a Grade 1 Raise, is there someone with a heated blanket? Ah, perfect.” I say as I spot a woman approaching with a large bundle of blanket in her arms. Standard procedure during a raise is to have a blanket in case the raised comes down with faux-hypothermia when getting reacquainted with their body.

My necromancer powers are innate, no ritual ingredients or symbols chalk required. I crack my fingers and make sure that the area is clear around the body. The officer with the heated blanket is standing by. I think we’re ready.

“Alrighty, lets do this.” I say. And I activate my powers.

There’s no light show, no crash of thunder, heck I don’t even snap. But I can see the body’s eyes snap open.

My powers limit the movement of the body right after raising, just to make sure there’s no panic. Luckily in this case, the woman on the ground is calm. Strangely so, usually there is a reaction of some kind I think to myself. I walk forward to stand over her and she looks up at me and smiles.

“Hi!” She’s says. “Am I back?”

“Umm, Hello” I reply, “Yes you are. You’re looking rather upbeat for someone who just died.” (Normally I’m more carful about bringing up the topic of the raised’s demise, but this woman appears to know what is happening)

“Yeah” She replies, her expression looking almost sheepish. “To be honest, I was kinda planning for this.”

Suddenly there’s a crack and a man in a dark suit appears on the opposite side of the woman. “WHO RAISED THIS SOUL” He thunders.

The officers around me immediately tense up and reach for their guns. I waive them off with my left hand. Necromancers are more suited to dealing with demons and the like than cops, but not by much. And this individual certainly appears to be a demon.

“That would be me. I’m a Rank A Necromancer. Contracted by the City of Greenville for this Grade 1 Raising.” I say calmly to the demon.

He stares at me for a moment and then raises his thumb and forefinger to the bridge of his nose like he’s nursing a migraine.

“I was in the middle of processing this soul when it was suddenly… repossessed… by a third party.” He states, pointing at me. “You.”

“When you raised this soul, it had just fulfilled our contract, giving me ownership. But because you raised it before I could process it, it was bonded to your own. And because this was done after our contract was finalized and completed, I can no longer lay claim to this soul!” His voice rising in volume as he speaks.

“My business with you is not over yet necromancer! Keep an eye out for a summons, I will see you in court!” He declares, and with a crack, he’s gone.

I stare at the space where the demon disappeared, then turn down to look at the woman. She’s sitting up now, stretching her arms. I feel a connection to her, similar to most of my raised subjects, but much more intense. I can sense her body working properly, heart pumping, blood flowing, lungs breathing. All clear signs that she’s more than undead. She’s alive, 100%. The young woman looks at me and smiles, giving me a thumbs up.

I look back again to the empty space.

Sometimes I really hate my job.