The young man stumbled one way and the next, desperately trying to wield the two-handed sword clearly intended for an adult. When he was finally able to hold it straight in front of him, he strained to address me,

“Your reign of tyranny is…” the sword smashed to the ground and he gave an anxious sigh as he desperately tried to pick it back up.

“Kid, come on, you don’t have to play their game. How old are you, fifteen?” I asked compassionately. 

“I’m thirteen!” he shot back defiantly, gritting his teeth as he was able to get the sword to hover off the ground and inch. 

“Thirt— why are you here?” I asked, shocked. 

“To kill the calamitous travesty that is Rechno!” he said, clearly rehearsed.

“No, no, why are you the one to bring down Rechno?” I asked. “Are you the oldest swordsman they could find to take me down?”

He paused from trying to draw the sword once more, looking up to me quizzically.

“No? I’m Gorb. I’m the Chosen One! It’s not based on age, it’s based on Chosen One-ness,” he explained. 

“Yeah, they told you that you’re the chosen one?” I asked. “How many people did those same people inform? How many people in your village know Gorb is this alleged chosen one?” I challenged.

“Oh, that is only for the elders to know. I wasn’t even supposed to tell my parents! And I didn’t!” he said proudly, as though a cat bringing me a dead bird.

“Are you the first child to suddenly leave the village? Out of perhaps some mysterious circumstances?” I asked.

“Well, Perko left a few weeks ago and didn’t return… and Klirn… What difference does that make?” he wondered, his head tilted to one side, all guises of trying to pick up the sword out of mind. 

“Well, those two young men were ‘Chosen Ones’ as well. They came to fight me, and when they didn’t return, they sent in the next one,” I sighed, having explained this a few times before. 

“You killed them?” 

“No, I just sent them on their way. They didn’t want to go home to a village that had already betrayed them. Gave them some money and a sword they could carry,” I pointed to the display of weapons on the wall behind me, many of them fit for a thirteen year old to carry.

“So… you aren’t going to fight me?” Gorb asked.

“I am not,” I shook my head. “There’s really nothing to gain for either of us.”

“And if I leave, they’ll just send in the next one?” 

“Likely,” I nodded. 

He looked down at the massive sword in hand and let it clatter to the floor. 

“Can we go fight them? You and me?” he asked.

“What, your village?” I asked, cautiously. 

“Just the elders sending us on quests,” he determined.

My eyebrows rose in pleasant surprise. This was a new development, never seen in the kids even older than him.

“You wouldn’t mind fighting them? The leaders of your village? I’ve fought them before, it’s not easy,” I warned. 

“Is that why they call you evil?” he asked. I nodded simply. “Then let’s go fight them. You can plan how we go in and I’ll do whatever you want. I don’t want them to send my younger brother next. He is too small, barely seven.”

We gathered a few weapons and made our way back to the village, with myself explaining my plan as we approached the village. He seemed giddily excited to be able to execute the plan, as it would also allow him to determine the truth of the situation in front of the entire village. Once we arrived, he was quick to scream to call an audience with the elders and everyone of his town. 

They gathered quickly, followed by a series of gasps of disbelief and shocked expressions. They knew me well. I stood behind him, hands bound by a rope that he held. He waited for the murmuring of the crowd to reach its height before he made a proclamation.

“I am a Chosen One! I have brought before me… ummm… The Rechno evil!” he said, clearly not having rehearsed as much as he needed to for this line. “Where are the elders?”

They came forward, equally in shock, some with their mouths wide open at the display. 

“How did you do it?” one asked with wide eyes. 

“Rechno told me that there were other Chosen Ones sent by you to kill him. Is this true?” Gorb asked, ignoring him. 

“Of course! We wanted them to be successful, like you, in taking down the evil of the land! And of course, you are the Chosen One!” one said, clasping his hands together excitedly. 

“You sent children?” a mother exclaimed.

“Chosen Ones!” an elder said with a finger raised high. 

“This was a falsehood!” Gorb exclaimed. “There was no evil! There were only children sent to do old men’s bidding, mad that someone was able to fool them enough to take the riches they stole from us!”

The audience suddenly turned to the three elders with calculating gazes.

“Is what he says true?” a member of the crowd asked. 

“No, no, he is a boy telling stories,” an elder chuckled nervously. 

“You call the Chosen One a boy telling stories?” I asked curiously. 

The heads turned their focus back to the sweating elders. They tried to stammer over one another, but only became more incomprehensible as they spoke. 

“Leave. Now,” Gorb said, drawing a blade that was fit for his hand. While the display of a child holding a blade to a man may have been comical on its own, the village closing in on the three men made a clear message. They scampered away with their lives and nothing more. Gorb turned to me beaming,

“Thank you for your evils,” he said. 

“Of course,” I smiled back.

__________

r/Nazer_the_Lazer