*Dear Tenant,Congratulations!  Enclosed is your application for immortality.  We here at the Board of the Everlasting are eager to review your application.  Please answer thoughtfully and we will respond within 7 to 8 light years.  Happy living!*

The apartment was a small windowless efficiency.  It was a place to drop your head at the end of the day and that’s the best that could be said for its ‘cozy charm’. I’d tripped over some old mail from the previous tenant and as I didn’t have a tv yet, I opened the mail as my only form of distraction from this terrible financial choice of an apartment I’d just saddled myself with.  The letter looked entertaining at least.

The small packet of papers behind the opening letter had a series of questions and I grabbed a pen.*Would you describe yourself as an autumn or a spring?*

Autumn.

*If you could have dinner with any historical figure, who would it be?*

Diogenes.

*If you were Waldo, where would you like to get lost?*

Las Vegas.

*If Carmen San Diego and Waldo had children would their kids need glasses?*

Yes.

*If a train left your city at 9:00 am at a speed of 60 mph would you get on it and go where it took you?*

Yes.

Some questions were straight forward short answers.  Some questions were little personality quizzes about what TV characters my character might reflect.  I answered riddles and jokes.  I had to flip to the back to check my answers on a few Spot The Difference pictures.  Some were just articles about interesting facts about companies and celebrities.  

On and on and on it went.  I didn’t even miss the TV at all. Even my phone lay powered down at my side.  I did have to change my pen several times as I kept running out of ink.  I was a little hungry.  But overall, not a terrible way to spend an evening.

I got up and stretched after what felt like a lifetime and grabbed my phone to check the time.  It crumbled to dust.  Huh?

I grabbed my jacket to head outside and it tore as old and rotten fabric does.  

This was…strange. The door came off in my hand, a pile of termite eaten wood.  

Outside the sun blazed on a baked and barren wasteland.  What the hell?  I shielded my eyes against the glare.“Hello?”  I called to the empty broken streets.  My own voice echoed back to me.  I clutched the packet of papers and ventured further from my apartment.

“Hello?  Anyone?”  A voice called to me from a block away.  

I ran.  I was never one to seek out people.  I’d leased my tiny efficiency apartment explicitly so I didn’t have to have a roommate asking what time I’d be home.

“I’m here!”  I sprinted to the voice who called out to me again.  It was a woman in strange 80’s style clothing.  In her hands she clutched a packet of papers and a pen.

She took me and my attire in and held up her packet. “Looks like our applications were accepted.”