That made me pause. For one, I wasn't really paying attention to the crowd's jeering. When one of your superpowers is short-range time travel, following on a conversation in the heat of a fight isn't really practical. For two, I was too busy trying to keep the fight away from them. Normally, I'd prefer to keep civilians away from my fights. These people were only in more danger being here. Thankfully, this was a rare occurance.

Which conveniently lead into me having to fly to the crowd in literal nanoseconds before one of Network's drones started playing whack-a-mole with their heads. 'Honestly, this woman, this...cosplaying ingrate saves you lot from my machinations regularly. You think you spend money on the taxes for the damage? That's your subscription fee to the city; I assure you lot, you'd lose much more than just money if I had my way! And what, you send the cops to put her away for public endangerment?!'

I didn't hear the next part, probably something about the crowd not knowing what real public endangerment was, I was busy scoring a home run on the car he decided to hurl at them. Staffs have their advantages. There wasn't much for me to do except stand there uncomfortably after that. Even the drones went idle awaiting telepathic instruction- but the administrator was busy shouting. The most awkward part was...he was absolutely right. In his ink-black suit and circuit-colored tie, screaming his head off, he reminded me of a man-karen I'd saved from a burning office building a few hours ago. I'd be lying if I said the thought of just dropping him, listening for a splat against the pavement, didn't bring some sick catharsis.  But against it all, in spite of everything, every word of what he said resonated in me. It was a nice change of pace from the usual psychopathic manipulation.

'Well I'd like to hear from...' the drone I saw move screeched and skidded across the street, sparks flying. Then I heard a can hit the ground near where I'd been standing. I was in such disbelief, I had to go back a second and see it for myself. Sure enough, some chud in the crowd had hurled his beer aiming for where I'd been standing. The drone- my destruction of it undone- caught it inches from where my head was. Then everyone took an extra moment to realize I was a good twenty feet away. Not knowing how else to react, I smirked and gave a soft chortle. One of those short laughs where you only breath out once.

'As I was saying, I'd like to hear from her. Continuum, is there anything you'd like to say to the fine people of Foxwood'? I turned to the crowd. I wasn't sure what to say at first, so I just kinda stared at them. I wasn't even sure what my face was doing. They stared back in anxious anticipation. They knew he was right.

'As a matter of fact...I do' I began. Normally, I didn't like to speak to the public. These people were quite literally here to boo me as I saved them. Everything I did say had a tendency to get turned back at me once I checked my social media. Even if they didn't know, one of the perks of a secret identity, I could see all the shit they said about me. As soon as I opened my mouth, the emotions, the spite, the frustration, the hurt; it all poured out at once. 'I put my life at risk almost every day, and I do it so yours isn't!'

Even with the ability to teleport, to stop and freeze my world at every instant, I could never hope to see how fast their faces turned hostile. Some were shocked, some angry, some uncomfortable, some were vacantly staring at their phones as they recorded; but all of them were arrayed against me. Still, I went on. To hell with social media, with the memes, with the ridicule, with all of it. 'How much do you folks think this pays? Anyone? $20, $15, minimum wage, tips?!' Noone dared to speak. 'I'll tell you. Zero. Zilch- zip- nada. In fact, the assholes in uniform- yes you there, officer, you in the back- try to throw me in jail for it. Try, anyway.' Faces kept souring. At this point, I could smell the onion beneath my nose. 'Do you people know how many times I've heard so much as 'Hey, thanks for literally saving my life. Again. Anyone, how many? I know none of you would?' Noone would answer. Noone could, and I don't think they would even then. 'I make more money doing this than I get compliments. Can any one of you- just one- answer why I do it? Why do I bother?!' I stopped for a while. I needed to breath, to wipe the tears from my cheeks. Wait for my face to go from purple back to red. In all that time, the most response I got was an old man's cough. 'Yeah. Yeah, that's what I thought. You know, I do see the things you all say about me online. I hear your conversations on the street. I do have a life. I am a person!!! The days nothing's wrong? I ride the bus, I go to the grocery store, I go to work, I see my boyfriend, I have hobbies; do the words 'alter ego' mean nothing to you?! Just because hide my face, the glasses- the helmet- the stuff that keeps my brain in my head? Just because you don't know me, I don't have feelings; is that it? I do it because it's the right thing to do. I have the powers, I can, it'd be wrong if I didn't'

The crowd was silent. They weren't booing me at least. I'd gone and made that awkward now. But they'd have plenty to say once I'd put Network away, smashed a few drones, and foiled another corporate scheme. 'You know what? Fuck you. Fuck you all. As for you Network, I should...' A cold dagger ran down my spine the moment I turned back to my nemesis, and my gratitude withered and died in my throat. This man, this psychopath, this supervillain who'd just stuck up for me was smiling. I kicked myself internally. In our first fight, I made a name for myself and exposed his plan to use targeted ads to take over the world without firing a shot, I'd embarrassed him with a very public court hearing. He got away with it, being a rich tech mogul. That day he promised me he would humiliate me, make me suffer for getting in his way. It wasn't enough to merely defeat me, he wanted me to give up first. The unexpected audience, the criticisms aimed at them, the shit they'd give me back, it all suddenly clicked in my head. He wanted an outburst, and he got it; all just another part of his psychological warfare.

I couldn't do much except shake my head. 'Had me for a bit there, I'll give you that.' His smile faded. 'Why shouldn't you forsake them? They're mindless drones. If it weren't for you, they'd buy anything I sell them. If it weren't for me, they might see that.' 'Well that's just it...'  I returned to a battle stance as I responded. 'Can't be all about me. That's what makes you the villain'