The fountain (really, more of a lake) shone an otherworldly blue, the light almost blinding to look at.

"Damn, I figured it'd be special but just *looking* at it kind of hurts, huh?" Leila muttered to Rick.  "I feel like we should be more excited about finding this, but... damn, it wasn't really that hard, was it?"

Rick looked around, noting all of the foliage that had grown to cover the ruins of the ancient temple that had once housed the fountain of youth. The vines cast ominous shadows on the ruin walls, the soft glow of the fountain and the wind causing them to move as though breathing. Patches of moss on the stone ruins glowed sea green, the fading light of the sunset reflected by the fountain's gently  water splashing beautiful, spiderlike lines across the walls. With the way that the fountain's light seemed to dim and brighten in spots, it was almost like an all-natural light show.

"I wonder why this place got abandoned? You'd think that the literal fountain of youth wouldn't be something that anyone would just... abandon." Rick wondered. "The ruins don't show any evidence of being destroyed by anything besides erosion and the like. And the entire area is so deep in the forest, and high up in the mountains, that it's hard to tell if there were any wars or skirmishes that might have happened close to here. It's such a beautiful area, too..."

Leila shrugged. "Maybe this was really just how they built the place. Like, for natural beauty, or whatever, right? Or maybe the fountain doesn't actually work. Wanna try?" She said, waggling her eyebrows, running a hand through her graying hair. "I mean, it'd be pretty easy to tell if it worked or not, between the two of us, wouldn't it?"

Rick sighed. "I want to say that there could be something else, but... yeah, that would do it, wouldn't it? If it just didn't work, or stopped working, or..." He shook his head. "Ugh, why do I bother. I'm starting to overthink things in my old age. Still - this place is interesting, so I hope you don't mind if I...?"

Leila smirked. "Yeah, it's fine. But I'm gonna try out the fountain, yeah? Don't be too surprised when I sneak up to you as a young, pretty little twenty-something."

Rick raised an eyebrow. "Or you could go all the way back to being a baby. It's not like there's anyone to confirm how it works. Or! Or - you could go the other way, and it'll turn out that it's a fountain of *age!* You'd be the oldest fifty-three year old ever!"

Leila rolled her eyes. "Way to be a downer, you geezer. Consider me a sacrifice for science, then." She said, before she turned and strolled over to the shining lake, a hand over her eyes.

Rick turned and walked closer to one of the ruin walls. Up close, the moss looked a lot less thick than the blue light made it seem, and in fact...

Rick brushed a hand over the stone, surprised at how easily the moss seemed to simply wipe off of the rock. It was like it was... young moss, newly grown. And underneath it was...

Rick frowned, and peered closer at the wall. His eyes weren't what they used to be now that he was fifty-five, but years of experience and simple good care of them meant that his sight was still much sharper than many other men his age could boast.

The wall was covered in strange markings, engraved deep in the rock. Shapes and lines, not to the level of detail of Egyptian hieroglyphics, but absolutely some kind of meaningful image. Perhaps language? Was it ancient writing in a yet-undiscovered language? Or perhaps the patterns were simple, and more primitive - if he looked closely, he thought that some of the patterns might have been

"Hey, Leila!" He called out. "Did the fountain work? If it did, I wanna have you look at this, your new young person eyes might..." He looked behind him, eyes squinting past the fountain's glow.

There was no one.

"Leila?" He called again. No response. "Did you seriously turn into a baby or something? I can't - Leila?"

The sun had already fully set, so the only source of natural light came from the fountain itself. Rick fished a pair of sunglasses from his backpack and put them on before walking closer to the lake.

Leila's clothes and backpack lay in a neat pile on the lakeshore, a little wet from water splashing near it. But there was no sign of Leila anywhere.

"Leila?" He called out again. "Where'd you run off to? Seriously..." Rick sighed. She might have just gone swimming or something, no doubt enjoying her newly regained youth.

Rick looked down at the shining lake water, and at his wrinkled, dry-skinned hands. Arthritis had started to set in, and despite his and his doctor's best efforts and his general luck in how it only started happening now and not earlier, the soreness and pain was already starting to make day-to-day life hard.

"Well, I have to get back down from this mountain anyway..." So saying, he waded a little deeper into the lake, before bending down slowly, mindful of his back, and dipping his hands in to take a careful scoop of -

Sharp teeth clamped down on his hands, and Rick was dragged underneath the lake's shining surface.

Underwater, the lake was still bright, but not enough to blind, and it left Rick eye-to-eye with the fish that was tearing into his hands, dragging him further and deeper into the lake.

Sharp teeth continued to sink painfully into his wrists, the fish staring at him, unblinking, the horrible hair-like feelers all around it rushing forward into Rick's face as it rapidly swam backwards to keep dragging him in.

The teeth dug deeper into his wrists, and Rick couldn't hold back a scream - as the water of the fountain of youth filled his throat and his lungs, he could feel it - the arthritis swelling his joints fading, his old back cracking back into alignment, his eyes becoming clearer and seeing, *seeing,* with utter clarity, *what* was dragging him below.

Finally, the fish released his wrists, and there was only one second to look up, to think *I have to swim up,* until he saw another fish swim by, a woman's unseeing head in its mouth, and

The fountain of youth's glow cast a blue glow over the lake's silent surroundings, the water deep within briefly clouding red before fading into the lake's mellow blue light.

At the lake shore, sudden movement caused some mud to be dislodged from the shoreline, the dull brown-yellow of rotting bone marring the lake's serene surface before being covered up by mud once more, never to be seen again.

\------