"*Attention, city of Millentucket, it is I, the great Professer Pummel! You have driven my nemesis Cyber-Scorpion to the point of his will to live flatlining, and in that I am very displeased! You may wonder why I care, and that shows you don't know something about me. You mock Cyber-Scorpion for his depression, calling him weak despite admitting his troubles to the entire public all at once being braver than almost every cop I've seen combined! In fact, he's braver than me! You see, I'm plagued with mental disorders too, but I didn't reveal them when he did and didn't share his burden! I can't stop overreacting to the slightest thing that annoys me, and I just have to come up with complex schemes so I can take my anger out! But Cyber-Scorpion is always there to calm me down after he's stopped my plots, and he feels just a bit more like he has a purpose every time when he he foils my plans and protects you ungrateful pitiful imbeciles that have less of a heart than my Destroyer Drones!  Unfortunately, as shown by our continued relationship as enemies, this is not healthy! This city had never taken the mentally ill seriously, and the only ones who can afford the little therapy they do provide are the rich! Now Cyber-Scorpion has became practically catonic because of you, and my life-support is all that keeps him alive! Remember how I said the slightest annoyances can piss me off? Well this is something that would enrage even the most mentally stable, so imagine a giant hand has switched me from double-angry to octuple-angry! Now he can't thwart me, and thus, unless your city hall makes health-care cheap and affordable by the end of the month, your city will be as broken as the puzzle me and Cyber-Scorpion complete together is now! Destroyer Drones, remind them how much they need their hero's strength to survive, and we'll see if they still laugh at his depression!* (Turns off broadcast) Hey, Cyber-Scorpion, how about we have some nice warm tea and watch some movies, maybe that'll help calm your nerves. I promise, I will give give you a reason to live again. And hey, maybe once we've both been helped out, we can finally be together."