It started out as just a joke, it was just another boring meeting on a lazy Tuesday afternoon and all I said was "Let's release the documents to the public with misspellings and grammatical errors so nobody would actually believe it to be true, I mean, who even believes this kind of crap anyways?" 

Yet when I saw my boss's face, I realised that all that I have done was just unsealed Pandora's box, hearing him snap his fingers after the gears in his head stopped turning before saying out loud, "You know what? You're right! If the public believes that some of our files are fiction then they'll believe that all of our files are fiction! Johnson, starting after this meeting I want you to find a place where you can share one of our documents in the way you have just said it, in fact just because you gave such a great idea, I'm promoting you to senior researcher on the spot!" 

My body left soul as soon as I heard those words, not out of excitement or joy but instead out of fear and dread. Where was I supposed to find a random website where I can just convincingly share classified government files without anybody batting an eye or raising an eyebrow? I can't even speak a word about this job or else I and my whole family's bloodline gets erased from existence, yet now I can just spread as much information as I want just as long as I write it in comic sans with differing font sizes and poorly used grammer?

I managed to get through the rest of the meeting with a straight face however, despite my entire lower body shaking like it was caught in a level 9 earthquake and my heart beating faster than a bullet train. I couldn't even understand or remember the rest of my meeting, the only question that ping ponged throughout my mind was how was I supposed to leak these files without making the whole Internet burst into flames as I scrolled through the Internet going through website after website, a special site caught my eyes, it had a 4 leaf clover as the cover image with the words next to it saying "4chan" 

I decided to do some research about this website, realising that this site basically served as a hotpot of lies and deceit there were threads which were actual leaks and news sources and others where it was a total lie but written in  such a way that it seemed believable and the rest was mostly porn and gore but regardless!

This was it, this was the place where I can share such files and not worry about a pipe bomb in my mailbox the hour after I sent those files and so I got to work, hunting for what document to leak onto this message board and which board to share it on having a mental argument between myself as I stared at the boards before me, maybe the random board? Nah, it's filled with weird porn and videos from the Mexican cartel anyways so agents would definitely be surveying that, how about the television and film board? Too obvious, besides putting too many of those documents there may get people curious about it being a TV show and that's just another can of worms to deal with. 

Just as I was at the end of my rope I found my answer, the paranormal board! Of course, nobody would suspect or even pay attention the typical poorly written document in a sea of theories about the moon landing being fake or how the water coming out of taps are meant to make people gay and what added the cherry on top was a thread asking people to share paranormal stories on the board, seeing this as my chance I knew I had to do it.

Rushing over to my documents folder, I digged through various files, thinking of which item was so unbelievable that it would not be considered as real but not to the point where the people on the more fringe side of life may actually belive it to be truth as I browsed through the files, I noticed one that I had only just recently written yesterday, it was still in a draft state so it wasn't really fleshed out and the picture attached to the document looked quite similar to that art piece in Tokyo so I decided to bite the bullet and edited my document for the worse before sending it into the messaging board as just another submission.

As I waited for people to swarm over that post with their own submissions, I instead noticed numerous compliments and words of approval from the messaging board about it, I stayed calm and played along as more and more people commented about the post, thankfully they all believed that it was a piece of fiction due to the terrible writing and their reverse engines referring the picture to the art piece in Tokyo so my cover wasn't blown but the community for this kind of document was on the rise which basically meant more documents to dump into the public under different aliases and dump them I did and while it has become more popular in recent days, I'm sure that the containment facility staff have already figured out ways to contain this infusion from being leaked, this is O5-7, signing off, oh and O5-9 stop messing with my computer diary, I know it's you who has been messing with my workspace