“You’re the Chosen One.” Mal’caft the Insane said in confusion. Looking down at a 10 year ago boy holding the legendary artifact. The boy held the Sword that Piece the Sky in a barely practiced sword stance. Mal’caft pointing the Wand of Destruction at the boy. “Do you even know the sealing ritual?”. “Great evil, I piece you with the Sky Sword… ah … by doing so I seal you away in … ah … in the Shadows,” said the boy in a tiny voice. Mal’caft looked at him. “First of all, you need to say my true name instead of ‘Great Evil’. Second, it is the Sword that Piece the Sky. Third, you need to say it in full and with confidence or it’ll never work. Fourth, the ‘Shadows’ is the Place in between Shadows and Light. And finally… that was only half of it”. Mal’caft explained. The boy looked disappointed, tears welling up in his eyes. Mal’caft looked at the boy. “How old are you?”. The boy replied, wiping snort from his nose “thirteen.” “Thirteen, did no one else volunteer to fight me? I was expecting a seasoned adventurer group or something” Mal’caft said to no one.  
 “Did the wizard, oh what his name..Brand, not find someone else?”    
“Brand, choose me because he said ‘I have heart and destiny to defeat you’ then he handed me this sword. Showed me a sword stance and told me where you lived. He said if I practice every day by the time, I get here I would be able to beat you.” the boy said in between tears.    
Anger boiled up in Mal’caft. Did Brand really think that little of him? Maybe one day this kid will beat me, but he needs ten more years of training just to give me a cut, Mal’caft thought. Looking down at the boy, “You know what kid, Brand played a trick on you. He sent you to train with me. Now go training with a master is so boring that Brand and I have worked out a deal to trick new ‘Adventures’ to try to find me to kill me for being an ‘Evil Wizard’.” Mal’caft lied. The boy looked excited and started jumping up and down. “So, when are we going to start training.” the boy said excitedly. “Today.” Said Mal’caft.   
“Do you have a name, boy?”     
“Haley, oh and I’m a girl”