"Logan," I said, my voice catching. "I'm sorry."  
  
  
His jaw tensed, his eyes blazing. "What? What do you have to be sorry for?"  
  
  
"I don't know," I said, letting out a shaky breath. "I don't know what I have to be sorry for."  
  
  
  
He stepped closer to me. His eyes searched mine. "You should be sorry for the past," he whispered.  
  
  
I flinched as if he had slapped me. "What do you mean?" I asked, my voice shaking.  
  
  
His gaze softened. "I mean that you should be sorry for the past," he said. "You should be sorry for what happened to us."  
  
  
"I am," I said, my stomach twisting. "I'm sorry."  
  
  
"You should be sorry ... for what happened to us," he repeated.  
  
  
I shook my head. "What do you mean?" I asked.  
  
  
"You should be sorry for what you did," he said, his voice barely above a whisper. "For what you put me through."  
  
  
I stared at him, my heart pounding in my chest. "What did I do?" I asked, my voice shaking. "What do you mean?"  
  
  
"You know what I mean," he said, his voice strained.  
  
  
I shook my head. "No," I whispered. "Tell me."  
  
  
"You know what you did," he said, his voice breaking. He closed his eyes and let out a shaky breath. "You know."  
  
  
  
My mouth was dry, but I couldn't look away from him. "Tell me," I whispered again.  
  
  
  
"I found him," he said, his voice cracking. "I found your husband, Mrs. Parker."  
  
  
  
The words reverberated through my body as I stared at him, my mind struggling to comprehend what he was saying. "What do you mean?" I whispered. "What do you mean you found my husband?" I asked, my voice barely above a whisper.  
  
  
  
His eyes widened. "In the area you arranged," he said. He swallowed hard, his Adam's apple bobbing in his throat. "I have the information you wanted," he said.  
  
  
  
I shook my head. "I don't understand," I said.  
  
  
"You sent me to a dead end," he said. "I went back, but I couldn't find him."  
  
  
I stared at him, my skin crawling with fear. "What dead end?" I asked. "What information?"  
  
  
"I traced the call you made," he said. He The day of the party is here. What should be happening?  
  
  
I took a deep breath and turned to look over my shoulder at the house.  
  
  
  
"I know," the bodyguard said. "I'm just not sure what you want me to do about it."  
  
  
  
I strolled down the hallway, shaking my head. "I have to have a party at my house on Saturday," I said. "It's my birthday. It's my party day."  
  
  
  
He nodded. "I know," he said. "I saw the invitations."  
  
  
I rubbed my chin. "I haven't decided whether to have my party at my house or at the house that was burned down," I said. "I hope I don't have to decide, but if I do, I know how I want it to go. I want my friends and my family to be here, but I want it to go my way."  
  
  
He nodded. "I understand," he said. "But what about the bodyguard?"  
  
  
  
I narrowed my eyes. "What about him?" I asked.  
  
  
  
"He's been bothering me," he said. "He won't leave me alone."  
  
  
  
I shook my head. "He's just doing his job," I said. "He's a bodyguard."  
  
  
  
The bodyguard frowned.  "I don't care how he does his job," he muttered. "I just don't want him around me."   
  
  
  
A vampire and a werewolf stood in front of me, their eyes glaring at me with hatred. They took a step closer, their teeth bared in a savage grin. The bodyguard took a step back, his hand going to the gun at his side. He stood there, his eyes wide with fear.  
  
  
"You're not supposed to be here," I said, my eyes narrowed. "I have a bodyguard, and I haven't told him to leave. You know what I think?"  
  
  
The werewolf's eyes narrowed. "What do you think?" he asked.  
  
  
"I think you did this," I said. "This is your fault, and you need to be sorry. I think you need to go away and not bother me again."  
  
  
The bodyguard took another step back, his eyes shooting from the werewolf to me.  
  
  
"You were supposed to leave me alone," I said. "You were supposed to let me have my party without any trouble."  
  
  
The bodyguard took another step back, his eyes wide and full of fear. He pulled his gun out, holding it with both hands. The werewolf growled and lunged at him, taking him down to the floor. He screamed and fought against the werewolf, trying to keep the werewolf away from him. The werewolf pinned the bodyguard underneath him and started ripping him to pieces. I screamed and ran forward to help him, but the werewolf threw the bodyguard to the floor and stood over him. He was covered in blood, and he was trembling with anger.  
  
  
"I'm not supposed to be here," the werewolf said, a low growl in his voice. "I told him that. He was supposed to let me have my party."  
  
  
I turned to the werewolf and narrowed my eyes. "What is that supposed to mean?" I asked.

(1/2)