The fountain works.

One drink - you must drain the cup to the very last drop - and you can feel it working. You can feel your back straightening, skin tightening, every muscle and sinew refreshing all at once. The years melt away, and with them all the wear and tear of your old life. That stiffness in your knee, the one that pains you when a storm is coming, eases. The scars you bear fade to nothing. White hair flushes with colour once again, weak eyes sharpen and strengthen. Every wrinkle, every crease, every line, is smoothed out. You become yourself again, in your fullest possible prime, a prime that you may never have even experienced before. Rejoice in your strength once more.

But that's when they come. You've had your drink, you have your youth, but now you hear the howling. Far off at first, but closer with every passing moment. Just as we can read death in a tiger's eyes, or the glide of a serpent, that howl brings terror with it. No matter how civilised you are, how far removed from your jungle-dwelling ancestry, that sound grips you. It settles along your bones and lets you know that here, right now, you are nothing more than panicked prey.

As prey, you run headlong into the jungle, and they follow howling after you. You race through close-packed trees, feeling your ankle twist on an upthrust stone, hear your knee pop when you clatter off a trunk in the darkness. You stagger on, straining your eyes to peer into the shadows beneath the ruins you must escape to be free.

They follow, relentless. The howls dance around you, panic sinking into your very bones till you hunch yourself smaller, as though a lesser stature will escape their notice. You lose control of your muscles, feeling your face twitch and stretch and fix into a rictus grin of terror, unable to compose yourself in your heedless flight. Still you stumble on.

Long claws catch at you - sometimes branches, sometimes shadows, sometimes the true talons themselves, ripping jagged lines across your flesh as they play with you, bleed you, taunt you. Every drop spilt slows you, makes your trail more clear, and such wounds will not close easy.

Mabye - maybe - you are one of the lucky ones. One amongst countless thousands who drinks and runs through hell. Maybe the claws never spear through your vitals, the howls never chill enough to stop your heart. Maybe you dodge each lunge and jump each pit, find your way through trees and tormentors without being brought down. Maybe you make it to the end.

Reach the river and know yourself free - they will not follow. Look back up the mountain, past the ruin-filled jungle, and remember that drink you took on the peak. Remember the wild race, one step ahead of howls and hunters. Remember that you survived when so many others did not. Be proud.

Stand there then, every joint aching in protest from the strain. Feel the sticky blood congealing in your roughened wounds, slow to heal and sure to scar. Run trembling hands across your face and feel the marks that terror has put there. Hold a strand of hair before over-tired eyes and see how fear - the bone-deep fear of the hunted prey - has bleached and thinned those locks. Turn your back on the mountain and begin your weary, limping journey home.

Remember that the fountain worked.