Creamy Honeypuff was unfazed. As the most dangerous assassin in Blood-Death, she had earned her place and her title. Her last target had screamed as she squeezed his organs out like a tube of toothpaste. You didn’t mess with Creamy Honeypuff.

This was her first time meeting the rest of the Blood-Death Squad, excepting Commander Killmurder of course. She’d known the commander since he’d recruited her right out of boot camp. He’d brought Honeypuff in to find the mole.

Private Bloodgore was eyeing her suspiciously. Too green, probably didn’t know any better. Lieutenant Organsmash was a possibility. He was properly equipped, but his war-hammer was missing the right amount of gore. His armor was properly worn, though. Maybe he’d cleaned the hammer recently.

General Visceral certainly looked the part. Covered in fresh organs from his last kill, his chainsaw was blood splattered and the teeth were recently worn. His armor was quite well used. The sign of many victories and even more victims.

Sergeant Bonesplosion’s grenade launcher was hung over her shoulder. Almost too clean, but you could see that it was recently fired. Perhaps exploding bones didn’t leave much in the way of gore. Her shoulder bag was mostly full of ammunition, but a couple rounds were missing. She probably hadn’t had the chance to resupply. Her armor was surprisingly clean, but you could faintly detect a layer of bone dust on its otherwise pristine surfaces.

Everyone eyed each other suspiciously, but Creamy Honeypuff had trained for this. Then suddenly, it hit her. She whispered something to Commander Killmurder and left the room. He had found the evidence of a traitor; he deserved the kill. 

“General, would you please turn on your chainsaw?” The commander had his doubts, but Creamy Honeypuff had never failed before. “Of course, commander,” replied the general, activating the saw.

The chainsaw lasted about two seconds before the chain jammed on the associated viscera. “Well, well. It seems Creamy Honeypuff was right. Nobody would choose to use a chainsaw knowing how difficult they are to operate through flesh,” grinned Commander Killmurder. He drew his battle axe. “I’m going to enjoy this.”