Winds howled around the Mond castle. It stood on a cliff's edge and was framed by the full moon. Inside, the castle was reworked into a cluster of apartments that could be rented. In one such apartment Catherine tried to get a handle on the imaginary friend Julia, her daughter, spent most of her time with. Catherine had never seen the friend and the stories Julia told her now concerned her. Something told her that this new friend was not too well put together.

"Where did you say you saw her last?" she asked the little girl who tried to roll her spaghetti around on the fork as she'd seen people do on TV.

"Who?"

"The friend you keep telling stories of."

"Hmmm..." she ate whatever spaghetti her fork could scoop out. "It was the tennis court."

"Tennis court?"

"Mrs. Agnew lives there."

Catherine tried to recall the list of questions that now lay folded on the top of the dresser. She tried to recall what meeting someone in a sports setting might mean, but her memory failed her. She made a mental note of the tennis court.

"How was she?"

"She?"

"She. Your friend."

"My friend isn't a 'she'."

Isn't a she, Catherine made a mental note of that. Couldn't be a banshee, or a resentful mother then. Catherine herself had created much of a ruckus in the country when she was but a child. Haunted, no, befriended, by a banshee she had screamed her lungs out. It was then that her mother obtained the questionnaire from Mrs. Flanders.

"Ah, it's a boy, then."

Julia scrunched up her nose and glared at her mother from under her little black eyebrows. Catherine noted the hostility. Surely, it couldn't be anything good.

"Boy? No."

Catherine didn't blink. The winds howled louder around the Mond castle. An imaginary friend that wasn't a boy or a girl. Catherine's mind searched for the things this might mean. The friend could be: a devil, a rabid animal shot dead, a troll who died when the bridge across the cliff fell, a monster intent on malice -- nothing good.

Julia finished the last of her meatballs and left the rest of the spaghetti untouched. 

"I don't want to eat anymore."

Even this statement set Catherine on edge.  Her mind wandered through the possibilities: possession by the devil who only likes meat, animal spirit who can't appreciate pasta, a troll who doesn't like the flavour of grain...

"Why?"

"I'm full."

Julia left the table and sat by the window. The winds blew madness about them. Catherine examined her daughter's profile there near the window. She couldn't see anything out of order. The list of questions slipped from her mind. It was hard to remember all of them.

Suddenly, the window flung open. Winds howled within the room. Julia hissed and blew air through her mouth. The winds blew stronger and stronger. Leftover spaghetti splattered across Catherine's face. There in the room; she saw her daughter laughing with the storm.