I open my eyes in an enormous room, lavishly decorated with pillows, rugs, lounging areas, and trickling fountains. I don't notice the room at first, I notice the women. One is curled up on me, her head on my shoulder and her hand delicately on my chest. Two more slumber peacefully nearby on this enormous bed.

I cautiously extricate myself from my apparent snuggle buddy, and her eyes flutter open.

"Where are you going, my love?" She murmurs, a hand reaching for me. I lean away from this overly touchy stranger, my skin crawling. This is creepy. As I stand and take in the room I see I am in some sort of Harem, beautiful women are everywhere. At first I fear I have been kidnapped and added to this harem, but they all seem to be doting on... Me? Offering me delicacies, drinks, a backrub, or a chance to join them in whatever they're doing. Nope nope nope. This is NOT right. I'm not sure where I am but I hope my husband's filed a missing person report... I near the door, hoping to slip away. As I open it a man comes running toward me. 

"My lady! Urgent news from the emperor, he requests your assistance in a kidnapping!" He thrusts a scroll at me, which I take on instinct. He trots away, declaring he shall ready my fastest horse. My world is spinning, my chest is tight, and my breathing is coming hard and heavy. I dart down the hallway, trying to fight off a panic attack. Opening a random door, I find myself in some sort of office. I lean over the desk, breathing hard. What is it they always say to ground yourself if you're having a panic attack? Count things with your 5 senses?

Okay, okay. Smell. I smell... Way too much perfume. Not helping. I feel... The hard wood of the desk! The intricate scrollwork on my fingers. This is good. What do I hear... I hear music from the harem. I shouldn't dwell on that. Ok, I hear... male voices! And... my name?

I immediately focus on the voices.

"You brought her here!? Did you even open her file!? She's a hero and she'll be miserable!" The first voice is angry, authoritative.

"You don't understand!" The second voice was whiney.

"Then explain it." Angry man snaps

"I have been working on making this world perfect for TWO YEARS! I did all my research on that boy and, trust me, this world is perfect for him! I can't just throw all that away! So much work!" Whiney voice begs

"When someone dies, they get an afterlife suited to them. They aren't forced to enjoy someone else's afterlife  just because they selflessly took someone's place. You get that woman a good afterlife, or you will be fired from design." Angry man is not playing.

"How about we give her a chance! It may not have been intended for her, but who doesn't love being a hero and being doted on? I'm sure she'll take to it! She'll be loving it in no time" ugh, what an annoying voice. 

Then I hear it again. My name. angry's calling me a hero. He's talking about how I saved a teenager from a crash. OMG, I remember that! They're talking about me! I'm dead, and I'm in that boys afterlife. 

I don't think a missing persons report will fix this... Luckily I get a break because my eyes roll up and I collapse in a dead faint