Random Person: "Why are you supporting the Hero? Aren't you supposed to be a Villain?"

Supervillain: "No, no, no. I'm not SUPPOSED to be a Villain. Because villainy was never my choice to begin with. It's the same applies to mental illness, it wasn't a choice!"

Random Person: "But you have the choice to become good!"

Supervillain: "Become "good" you say? BECOME GOOD?! How in the world does your small, insignificant, pea size brain able create such ludicrous, arrogant and all in SELFISH theory? Do you have any idea of what I do for a living?"

Random Person: "You do bad things?"

Supervillain: "Uh huh. What type of bad things? Do elaborate on that."

Random Person: "You steal."

Supervillain: "Uh huh. What else?"

Random Person: "You try to take over the world."

Supervillain: "Anything else?"

Random Person: "Uh..."

Supervillain: "Yeah, this why I said your brain is in the size of a pea. You lack any common sense and human decency."

Random Person: "But your no different!"

Supervillain: "Okay first off, it's "you're" not your. Secondly, I am a Supervillain. You, are just a random bystander I happen to find walking across the street."

Random Person: "Yeah, but I'm not the bad guy!"

Supervillain: "I think my brain is hurting from listening you speak, let's make this quick. So if a "Bad Guy" as myself is supporting a Superhero who is struggling with mental health, then what does that make you?"

Random Person: "What?"

Supervillain: "I'm supporting a person, no, the very Hero who risks they're life every single day just so you and other pathetic people can continue to meaningless lives. The same Hero you confessed about they're personal struggles to the world! And yet, instead showing the gratitude they righteously deserve. You, a nobody dare to criticized and belittle them?"

Random Person: "I'm still not a Villain!"

Supervillain: "No, you're not. You are more worse than a Villain, or Supervillain in my case. You are just a scumbag who talk crap, not because you have to, no. You talk crap because you CHOSE to. You CHOSE to talk, to stare, to breathe. But none of those choices benefits anyone. Especially the person title Hero."

Random Person: "Shut up! Your nothing but a Monster!"

Supervillain: "Ah~ but that where you are laughable wrong. For I am not the Monster, it's you. And I, I am not just any Villain, but a Supervillain. And it's my duty to eradicate all monsters from existence, starting with you."

Random Person: "NO! SAVE ME!"

Supervillain: "No one will save you. Who in this world would want to save trash like you?"

Hero: "Hold it Villain!"

Supervillain: "I was stand corrected..."