The crow and the dragon.

It was a battle not often seen, even through the endless eons of time. When either flocks through the sky, gathering in their own herds, they both herald their own versions of doom. Both lead eventually to doom, nonetheless, but the journey distinct in everything from physiology to personality.

Today, however, the fate of the world was not at stake between a little crow and a tiny dragon. All that mattered was a little gold coin, nearly dull and fully grimy, lost in the comings and goings of a street that has long given up on resembling a street.

The tiny dragon wanted the gold coin. So did the little crow. It was a simple conflict, but enough to get the two to participate in the squabble.

First, the crowd tried to get it beak on it, carrying the gold coin until it could find a nice, safe place to deposit it—the hole in the tree by that house near that street. But the crow, ever sensitive to danger, moved his head out of the way just in time to dodge a small, intense blast of searing heat that was just as powerful as its larger counterpart, like a needle to a swordpoint.

The crow cawed, staring at the little dragon that stalked out of the shadows. The crow blinked once, twice, and within them, decided that the red dragon, wisps of smoke stil travelling from its mouth, was a massive threat to the crow’s plan.

“It’s mine,” the dragon snarled. “I will obtain it. Retrieve my stash, one by one by one.”

The crow cocked its head, this time moving it talons towards it. It did a comical little backflip to avoid that hot flames that spewed forth. Both frowned when they saw that the furnace-like heat had melted the surface of the coin almost imperceptibly—but though these two had few things in common, keen eyes were one of them.

“No,” the dragon whispered, concern developing within it.

The crow seized the opportunity. In a swift moment, the crow’s claws gripped around the gold coin like a vice, then a powerful flap of the wings later sent it into the air.

“Hey,” the dragon squeaked. “Get back here!”

The crow flapped, unwilling to listen. Soon, the more oomphish sound from the dragon’s leather wings, sounded. A few blasts of heat shot around the crow, almost singing its black coat.

In defence, the crow leaned forward slightly, pushing his legs out. This served both as a taunt—to flaunt the gold coin—and an increase in speed—to get the gold coin safe.

The dragon grumbled, shouting across the tearing wind that dragged along them.

“Crow, what do you understand of that coin you hold in your claws? They are merely symbols to you, but they are everything to me,” the dragon pleaded. “Please give it to me. I promise I will reward you with whatever shinies you want.”

The crow skidded to a halt, and turned to face the dragon.

“Deal?” little red asked.

“No,” the crow said. “You want this thing. Therefore, I want it. It is simple.”

And with that, the bird took flight again, leaving a dumbfounded dragon in its wake.

---

r/dexdrafts