I should have picked up on it sooner. But then, how could I have? What kid doesn't have an imaginary friend at some point? 

Casey had "introduced" me to Stewie three weeks ago. She'd come running in from playing in the woods and and asked me for a cookie. When I got her one, she'd looked up expectantly at me.

"One for Stewie, too."

I raised an eyebrow at her. "Who's Stewie?" I asked.

Casey sighed dramatically, waving a hand at the empty space next to her. "He's right here, mom! I met him in the woods."

Hiding a laugh, I decided to play along. "Oh, well you didn't introduce me!" I crouched down, and smiled at the empty air. "It's very nice to meet you Stewie."

Casey erupted in a fit of giggling. "Mom," she said in between spurts of laughter, "You're talking to his butt."

I frowned at her, a little annoyed. "Ok, very funny Case." I gave her a second cookie and shooed her back outside.

The street we lived on was mostly retirees, so there weren't any children around Casey's age. At the time, I figured that as long as she was pretending, I wasn't going to be the one to spoil it. She could be a handful, and anything that would make her happy was worth it.

"Stewie" made a few appearances over the next few days, always when Casey was acting out. A lamp got broken while Casey was running around downstairs, Stewie was the one that had hit it. I caught Casey trying to sneak downstairs for extra dessert, and it she cried that it wasn't for her, it was for Stewie. She even tried to run away from school, because "Stewie wanted to play."

Of course, Stewie was always around when it came to sweets. Casey said they were the only thing he wanted to eat. After about a week, I was getting a little tired of "Stewie."

One night at dinner, I tried to reason with her. That was my first mistake. Reasoning with a six year old is like trying to stop the tide.

"Casey," I started, "Stewie's been spending a lot of time with us. Shouldn't he go home soon? I'm sure his parents are worried about him."

Her eyes fell. "He said he doesn't want to go home. They're mean to him. He likes it here.

"Case, don't you think this is getting a little old? I mean, with how you've been acting, I know there's something wrong." I sighed. "I just wish you'd tell me what."

Casey looked up at me, confused. "I just want Stewie to be happy," she said. "He was so sad when I found him, and now he's happy."

"Sweetheart," I started, "You can't keep avoiding things like this. I mean, you tried to bite a teacher."

"That was Stewie!" Casey protested. "He doesn't know any better!"

"Casey, enough." I felt my voice begin to rise, and I forced myself to stay calm. Yelling at my daughter wouldn't help anything. "I just want to understand what's going on with you."

"I told you!" she cried, "It's Stewie!"

As she said this, I saw a flash of something over her shoulder, just for a second. My blood went cold.

"Casey," I breathed, "Is Stewie a person?"

She glanced over her shoulder, towards where that... thing had been. Then she shook her head. "Not really." she said. "He has person parts though."

"Person... parts?" I struggled to keep the fear out of my voice. I can see a faint distortion in the air now, all around my daughter.

Casey waved her arms around over her head. "Lots and lots of arms." she giggled. "Sometimes he climbs around on the ceiling."

I steadied my nerves, breathing slowly. "Casey, why don't you run upstairs. If Stewie is going to keep staying with us, I want to make sure he knows the rules. Ok?"

Casey jumped out of her chair and ran up to me, hugging me tightly around the waist.

"Thanks Mommy. I promise he'll be good."

Then she ran out of the kitchen. I waited until I heard her door upstairs click shut before I stood and crossed my arms.

"Ok, show yourself. Whatever you are."

The distortion wavered for a second, before a solid shape came into view. I bit back a scream at the sight.

Long, gangly arms sprouted from a bulbous, centipede-like body. It was massive, twisted around behind where Casey had been sitting. The torso stretched upwards into a slender neck which twisted and coiled around itself like a snake.

Unblinking, reptilian eyes stared at me out of a birdlike face. Large horns curled out from its forehead, ending in cruel points. The creature opened its beaklike mouth, and I could see swirling rings of teeth inside, almost like a meat grinder. It's thin, barbed tongue shot out, scooping up the rest of Casey's dinner. It chewed slowly as it stared at me.

*I am glad to formally meet you, Amanda.*

A voice echoed in my head, deep and booming. It wormed its way into my mind, as if someone were pouring syrup over my brain. I shuddered.

"What the hell are you?" I asked.

The creature twisted its head upside down, never breaking eye contact. *I have many names. Most of which are incomprehensible to your mortal mind. Formally, my name is--* the words were interrupted by a rapid series of snarls. Then the creature continued. *But your daughter has taken to calling me "Stewie." I am not sure why, but I have grown quite find of it.*

"Ok..." I said slowly. "And what exactly do you want with my daughter?"

The creature's body undulated in what might have been an approximation of a shrug. *She found me. She was kind to me.* The head twisted around to look in the direction of Casey's room. *She gave me a cookie in exchange for my friendship. Technically, that is a binding contract for my people.*

I frowned at this. "So, you just want to be friends with her?" The creature turned back to me and nodded slowly. 

I sighed, feeling a migraine coming on. On the one hand, this thing was a literal demon. On the other hand, Casey didn't have many friends her own age. Even at school, her teachers had told me that she usually kept to herself.

Bracing myself, I spoke. "Ok, Stewie. If you're going to stay with my daughter, we're going to need to set some ground rules. Understand?"

Stewie smiled at me, its horrifying mouth stretching far wider than it should have been able to. *You wish to make a contract?*

I smiled wryly. "If cookies are legal tender with demons, sure."