((Pardon some typos. Typed this up while driving through rural Texas. Haven't creative written in many years. Hope you enjoy.))

&amp;#x200B;

There I was, standing in a dark alley. The sky above me was a starless dark sky, and the moon attempted to shine brightly behind a cloud. The street at the end of the alley was busy with folk stumbling around drunk. The remnants of the monster themed street fair still in the air. I traveled all the way here based on a rumor alone. Hanging amongst the people in costume, was the real deal. A REAL vampire who would lure people to the certain doom. I guess it made sense. Hiding in plain sight, as it was. Reaching into my coat pocket, I pulled out my trusty tape recorder, and hit the button. I spoke, “October 1st. New Harvest, Rhode Island. Monsterpalooza is going on. I’m here to discover if there’s any truth to the Count Mordecai rumors.” I let out a long sigh and hit stop. It has been three months since I took the job as a reporter for, ‘The Truth Magazine’ an off the wall paranormal periodical. Somewhere in between, ‘Woman Marries Bigfoot’ tabloid and “Ghost Towns of America” magazine piece. Just graduating from Stamford, I thought I had options. New York Times, Washington Post, or…Mad Magazine for crying out loud. But, no. Print is dead…options are limited. No one cared about my work on political pieces, or exposing con-artists. Nope, I tried…and Truth answered. My editor, Ms. Hermshal, was a weird gal. So far, my job was interviewing people in New England about their ghosts in homes, or a local witch coven. I didn’t really believe in this stuff, it was just a paycheck. I hit record again, “So far no Count Mordecai. Just…drunks, and obnoxious horror movie fans…” My voice trailed off as I watched a figure loom further down the alley. The shadow of the figure seemed like…they were wearing a cape? “Hold on. I’m approaching something weird.” I hit stop, and walked slowly toward the figure. Before I left on the job, Ms. Hermshal made me take a vial of holy water, a crucifix, and a wooden stake. Internally, I was dying of laughter. I went from starry eyed journalist who wanted to be the next big thing in journalism…to vampire hunter. I couldn’t see my face, but I’m sure if looks could kill…I would have murdered Ms. Hermshal so bad it would have been closed casket funeral. But, whatever. It was a paycheck. As I approached the figure, the details came into focus. This guy looked like Count Dracula from the movies. Victorian ruffled sleeves, silly costume vest, a ridiculous red gem around his neck, and…a cape. Internally, I was laughing. However, I had to keep my composure. “Uh…hi.” I stammered. “Yes, my child?” He replied with a pasted-on Romania accent. “Your costume looks great…” I trailed off, making eye contact. They were alluring. Blinking, I shook back to reality. Vampire looking guy in an alley? Maybe this is who I was looking for.“I’m looking for someone who hangs out the fest. Count Mordecai?” He laughed, and I caught a glimpse of some fangs. Good looking replica at least. “I am him! Welcome to Monsterpalooza! What brings you to find me?” The accent was so fakery thick. I winced. “Look, I hear you’re the real deal. I work for The Tru…” I stopped mid sentence as he raised his arms, cape above him. “Flee this place mortal!” I let out a long sigh. I really don’t have time for this. “Look man, I just want a quick interview, and maybe a photo. I’ll be on my way.” I said with an annoyed tone. He approached me, and was nearly face to face with me at this point. “I am a creature of the night!” He yelled and flashed his fangs. I stepped back, for something that apparently couldn’t eat garlic, his breath was rough. “Look, Count. I’ll buy you a beer or something.” That’s when it happened, he vanished. Into almost…thin air? Then I felt something breathing down my neck. Well, shit. Maybe he was the real thing? Pulitzer Prize here I come. I turned in a hurry. “Whoa. So you are a real vampire, huh?” I said while walking around him. There was a level of surprise in my voice that I don’t think he was expecting. He seemed frustrated. “Why aren’t you scared? I’m a vampire— I could kill you!” I laughed “So could literally every other human, you’re not special.” Motioning my arms around us, I wanted to emphasize where we were. “We’re in an alley. You’re dressed like a Muppet from Sesame Street. If you wanted to kill me…you would have.” This time it was he who sighed. “Look, I really don’t want the exposure. People come to this festival every year to come find me and willing let me drink their blood. It’s a good racket.” Hinfns accent dropped. “I’m sort of a vegetarian vampire. I don’t like to hunt anyone. I live off butcher shop blood.” He walked past me, and leaned against the wall, and looked up. “You know what I do for work? I run an interior design blog. I just dress like this for theatrics for the tourists. Your story? Probably wouldn’t be too exciting.” This was just some entity who didn’t want to be bothered. I’d gain nothing from exposing him. I looked at him and shrugged. “I’ll just say I couldn’t find you. You alluded me.” He looked at me with hopeful eyes. “I’ll even say I heard nothing but menacing things about you. “I gave a half ass wave goodbye and headed out to the entrance of the alley. He called out to me, “You took the whole, vampires are real thing in stride. What gives?” I turned looked. He was right. Why didn’t this bother me? “Job security, I guess.” I walked out from the alley and headed down the street, prepping my story. Maybe more folk will meet Mordecai from my story, and he can get his natural fix down the line.