It's been a few weeks since I've had a day off, as my partner and I stood in the dark alleyway I noticed he was looking at me with a tinge of concern.

"Are you alright? my partner asked casually."

"Well enough"

"It's just you look kinda tired."

"Well, it is 3 AM, and unlike you I need regular sleep."

"Fortunately, so does the guy we're after."

My name is Allen, I'm a detective with the NAPSB, the National Association for the Protection of Supernatural Beings. It doesn't really roll off the tongue though. My partner goes by Larry (though that probably isn't his original name), he's one of the few thousand vampires secretly (but legally) living here in Seattle. They all seem to like it here, and I can see why, even in the day the sun is barely visible through the overcast skies.

We're on a case trying to track down a wannabe vampire hunter. They pop up every once in a while. It's usually the same story, they read a few too many works of fiction, and get it in their heads that they need to defend the world from the ever growing vampire menace. It's pretty racist if you ask me. It's usually nothing more than deranged make believe, but sometimes they can be dangerous. While it's true that these and other supernatural beings exist, they mostly live peacefully among humans while keeping their true identities hidden.

We're currently in our car outside the hunters house, waiting for him to come outside. While I would prefer this guy to just come out already, it is nice to rest for a while, even if I have to stay awake. "Hey Larry?" I probed, partly to gauge his mood but also to give me something to focus on other than the motionless but well lit house we were staking out. Larry opened his mouth to respond, when out came our target, holding an axe. 

"There he is!" I exclaimed, having just gained my second wind. We got out from our car and started to follow at a distance. He walked for a while, out from the suburbs into the edge of town. While I was at full alert at this point, I did feel slightly fatigued. I would occasional look across to my partner, who maintained his usual neutral expression. He rarely expressed himself on the job. My wife and I had him over for dinner a few times, and he seemed to loosen up a bit when in a casual setting, but we were working now, and he was keeping things strictly professional. That's what made his next reaction all the more concerning.

The "hunter" ducked into an alley way. We heard a door open and close, then a lock click, and that's when I looked at Larry, only to see his already pale face get even paler. He looked worried now, almost frightened.

"Allen there are human children in there." The vampire said in a dire tone.

"Oh shit!"

We both burst into a sprint. Larry was faster, but I was able to catch up to him in the time it took him to compromise the lock on the door. We burst in to see a bunch of children tied up, they weren't even vampires, just regular human children. The man was standing over them with the axe.

"SEATTLE PD, HANDS UP!" I yelled. We weren't actually with the police department, but it saved a long and unproductive conversation about who we really were. The man turned, looked us up and down, and said in a panicked tone.

"It's these ones you want officers, they're monsters every one!" I've already exterminated several myself, but I could use some help. His voice was shaking, but nevertheless resolved. The children on the floor weren't even vampires, they were just regular humans. It was a common for wanna be hunters to mistake humans for vampires, but I had never seen one kidnap children.

"Allen, a lot of these are missing persons the regular police were looking for." Larry explained. His mind was a lot quicker than mine.

"Regular police? Just what does that make you then?" The man began to question, looking more panicked than before. I was worried he was going to try something stupid, I was about to try to talk him down when my partner leaned over to me.

"Allen, if you would please extinguish the lights, I do not want the children to see." Larry said in a rushed tone. He looked concerned, no doubt for the safety of the children. I quickly complied.

Unfortunately they were still able to hear...