**AITA for Cursing my Enemies’ Spawn?**

Ye Dearest of Redditte users, I (587 F/fae) recently became aware that my actions were found unsavory by certain plebeian “sheep” as I have heard them called, so I pondered posting a query here to clear up the conundrum. I was invited to a certain A-list celebrity’s (32M)—who shall remain unnamed, but let’s just say he’s a BIG DEAL—baby’s gender reveal party. I distinctly remember the Instagram invite—it was on a sort of digital white parchment with sans-serif text and pink and blue stars in each corner. 


So I show up to the party with a gift for the babe and the QR code imprinted on this magic box, only to be turned away once I step foot into the backyard and set my gift on the table. Now this celebrity’s wife (346F) claims she sent out the invite on “accident,” but I know her, and she is the same crude wench who hath stolen my thrall in year 1798. There is no way this shady succubus is making such devastating mistakes to me (and honestly, that incident at Ye Rose  Bowl was totally my fault, her husband was just wrong place, wrong time), so I tell her no way, beehive, I have your bewitched code. 

She tells me to “get lost, loser” and throws in the b-word for good measure, and I’m about to cut my losses because the high road and also I don’t have enough fairy dust for this. So I grab my gift because it was gossamer and Dwarven crystal and I am NOT wasting a dram-and-a-half of mortals’ tears on some craven fool’s child, but she like, GRABS THE BAG from my hands, and tries to pull it back. I am not giving this pumpkin-eater my hard-squeezed tears, so I start to tug it back, and in the end it falls to the ground and she calls “Finder’s keeper’s it stands where it lands!” and who and I to cross that sacred tenet? 

At this point, I am short a good party, insulted and bruised of wrist, and entirely too s—ber for this, so I cock my hip as I have seen on the mortal Magic Mirror, and I say that she should keep her hands to herself next time and she wouldn’t need to resort to petty pranks to win back her dignity I keep in a bottle on my shelf. 

That’s when her husband strides over and formally calls his security on his gold-plated phone, and I am “escorted” off the premises. But I can’t let this plague of a “power couple” pull a fast one like some desperate serfs, so I place my hands on her belly like one of those bad Instagram photos she’s been posting for the past month, and I speak my ancient curse in words none could fail to comprehend. 

“SHALL YOUR SKIN BE NEVER FLAWLESS, AND YOUR BLEMISHES ESCAPE PHOTOSHOP. MAY FACE ELUDE BOTH “GOOD SIDES” AND THE TIMING FOR SELFIES ALWAYS BE INOPPORTUNE. MAY YOUR PARENTS RAISE A LEFTIST, AND MAY YOUR SOCIAL TALENTS AS WELL AS YOUR BEAUTY NEVER DEVELOP TO A MARKETABLE STANDARD!” Ik the wording was a little childish, but I’m new to this era, so gmst. But like, if they want money, they can have it. But not from their soon-to-be-less-cute-than-normal baby. And really, didn’t I just do that child a favor by refusing to make it a commodity for spoiled and “broke-azz” parents? But Griselda said I should post on here. 

TL;DR I put a curse of antifamy on the infant of an influencer. So Redditte, AITA?