"Captain Zorgathra, the human is here." Yelled my second in command, with his grating voice. "And why aren't you sending him up to me?" I asked. "He wants to show you something, I asked him why he couldn't come up, and he said that you should see it for yourself, impudent little creatures don't you think?" 

I headed downstairs, the elevator's glass doors, giving me a great view of the facilities. As the captain of the Zangilith's largest "mass production warship", it's my responsibility to keep the brilliant people working on this ship safe, as well as making sure they don't slack off. The ships, drones, and androids filled the warehouse, but unlike the usual, I couldn't see my engineers running about, tending to the machines. "What do they think they are doing, mass production is of the upmost important, especially with the civil war reaching it's peak on Kugul'shakan 7." He thought, heading to the R&amp;D department, on the lower deck. 

Upon reaching the department, my three pairs of nostrils were hit with the most god-awful stench. I immediately activated my gas mask, to keep composure, and even then I could feel the stench sticking to my skin. "Safe to assume that it's the human who brought this here." Along with the stench were the sounds of the engineers voices, typing on their computers and writing down on papers, all seemingly ecstatic by something. 

I followed the stench, and was met by all the employees surrounding a large tank filled with a murky liquid. "Captain Zorgathra! It's a pleasure to finally meet you, and to finally see your installations! My name is Zared Smith, PhD." The dark-skinned human extended his hand, a form of greeting in their world, I shook it, my hand, nearly twice the size of his own, made the gesture a little awkward. "Tell me Doctor Smith, what is causing this smell, I could barely focus on my way here." He grinned, almost like a child excited to show off to his kin. "As we all know, the civil war has been rampaging your planet, and causing a massive amount of unnecessary deaths, after all the results of the war will bring change to all laws about enslaving races outside the galactic federation, but I digress..." He headed towards the tank, his eyes becoming watery right next to it. "This, is the solution. Inside, we can find the sweat of Gorongulans, the urine of Septomelynes, grounded toe nails of Kuluskulus, durian juice, and 20 other ingredients." I looked back in horror. "You mean to tell me this container, is filled with the most infamously fetid substances in the universe?" "Correct! He replied, his grinn still stuck to his face.

"I was tasked to find a peaceful solution to this civil war, and I think that paralysis by disgust, and vomit, seems like the easiest solution, especially since your race has the strongest sense of smell in the galaxy. This container, combined with the technology of the  Kangaskans..." He said, whilst reaching for some blueprints for a Zangilith mechanical armor. "... Which they graciously agreed to design for us, will allow us for a peaceful end to this war. Sorry for making you come all the way down here, but I needed your approbation to use these facilities to mass produce said armor."

I couldn't believe it, this little human had found a solution, a grotesque, foul, and disgusting solution, but one nonetheless. I couldn't help but laugh, something I haven't done since before the war. "Hahaha, I'll go get the approval from my superiors doctor, I'll inform you in a few. 

Inside the elevator, I had a huge smile on my face, who would have thought, that to end the war, all it would take, was one huge stink bomb. The thought of it made me cry laughing all the way to the cockpit.