The Liberator fought this secret war for as long as he could remember, starting with his father. A free world for the lower class, for everyone. A free world where everything will be taken and returned, and a world that greed will never taint again. This very night, all agony will be answered by Antonio Ward, sitting on the tallest building in all the NEO-Union City.

Ten minutes later, he wondered if his suffering was all for nothing, for the CEO of Dark Infinity greeted him generously like a VIP guest. The fodder machine, the icon of this company, stood not far from his left. The neon ray bathing them from above made the room darker than it should, but Liberator used his night vision to survey the large office beforehand. No hidden wall, no wire-tapping, nothing. They were truly alone.

There was no trick? Ward wanted a word with him, his archnemesis?

"Want anything?" Ward went to the fodder machine and began tapping the buttons, "Don't worry, this one's high quality-"

"Made from the sweats of everyone you stepped over down the city," Liberator, kept the barrel of his ray gun on the back of the short man. The CEO was much older than what was shown in the media. Ward said nothing and began tying the numbers. A short mixing sound boomed inside the machine before a pair of wine bottles emerged from the empty center. The first molecular warping machine ever created, and he made a goddamn wine. Liberator hissed under his breath.

"You can start talking," He taunted with his gun. The CEO nodded as he placed the bottles on the small disc-shaped hovering table.

"You were right."

The Liberator blinked, "What?"

"I said you were right," Ward sank into his chair, the prosthetic throat visible under his collar, "I read about your work, your revolution. It's not how many people you kill, or how long. What attracted me, my young hero, is your dedication." He took the wine and sipped. "Perhaps I always meant to fall, like our project."

"The Dark Matter Project," The Liberator's heart was beating fast, "Before you stole it all from my father."

"He was wrong, Index-"

He leaned the ray gun forward. Ward licked his lips.

"And so was I. We cannot harness the Dark Matter of the Universe. Do you think the trees and animals are the victims? No, hero. It's our planet is the true victim. We trapped ourselves in this prison we called Earth. Come with me."

He followed the old man to the large windows behind his desk. The same sky he saw every day for the past years. The sunless sky, starless and dulled with a thick cloud of wasted energy produced by Dark Infinity.

"Liberator, I want to end this company," Ward turned to him and a face that sparked an empathy he never knew he had since his father's death, "But I can't stop my company myself, yet you have my utmost permission to burn it all down."

He handed him a small chip. This time, the Liberator was too speechless. Even from here, he knew it was the blueprint of every machine ever created by this company.

"Why?"

The old man smiled, "I want to see the stars again. I want every dot in the night sky to humble us on this tiny planet."

The Liberator sleeves his gun and extended a hand, "You have a lot to make up for what you did. For now, I choose to trust you."

Antonio Ward nodded and dropped the chip on his hand.