The three men sat at the counter, as they waited for their drinks. One disheveled and unshaven, the other neatly dressed, and the last as colorful as the neon sign outside, in stark contrast with the rest. They sat quietly until the colorful man spoke up. 

"I do enjoy a good shot, don't you?", he said out loud, to no one in particular. 

The disheveled man merely grunted as he stared at his empty glass. The neatly dressed man smiled and nodded in agreement. "A good shot is wonderful, but the perfect shot is what we should always aim for," he said. 

"Oh I agree, I am ALWAYS looking for that one shot," the colorful man said as he began taking selfies with his phone. "Once you find it, you're always looking for another."

The disheveled man sneered at the others. "You don't know what you're talking about. There is no such thing as a perfect shot." He shook his head. "The only perfect shot is the one you make."

"You're right, you can take many shots, but you only need that one perfect shot to make it worthwhile," the neatly dressed man replied with a courteous laugh. "Why, I just finished a job where I had to wait for days to get the perfect shot!" He laughed quietly to himself. "In the end, it was worth it."

The colorful man rolled his eyes. "If I had to wait days for the perfect shot, I would rather DIE," he said rather dramatically. "No, the best way to make the perfect shot is just to have plenty of them, and find it." He began tapping on the bar impatiently. "What is taking so long for this man to get us our drinks?"

The disheveled man stared at the colorful man in disbelief. "Amateur," he muttered as he pulled out his phone. "Take that many shots and you'll end up in the gutter." 

"FINALLY," the colorful man exclaimed, as the bartender emerged from the back with their drinks. "Were you distilling these drinks in the back or something?"

 "I just got a call from my buddy down the street," the bartender said slowly as he placed the drinks in front of the men. "He said that he threw you out after your sixth drink." The bartender slowly slid the cocktail to the colorful man. "This is the only drink you're getting from me tonight, so go ahead and call a cab."

"How dare you!" the colorful man huffed as he snatched the glass. "Just because I've had a few—" 

"You heard the man." said the disheveled man as he stared at his phone. "Take your drink and go home before it's too late."

"*You heard the man, take your drink and* blah blah blah", said the colorful man as he took his drink and sauntered out. "Just put it on my tab."

The neatly dressed man sat quietly enjoying his drink, and let his eyes wander across the walls. He smiled when he recognized one of his own shots framed on the wall. 

The disheveled man downed his drink and laid his money on the table. He had to move fast, the client had requested it look like an accident. The colorfully dressed man certainly wasn't going to fall into the river by himself, no matter how many drinks he had consumed.

- EDIT

I don't usually edit my comments, but I was very shocked by all the attention and awards, and wanted to say thank everyone for the replies and reddit gold. It has been a while since I wrote creatively so it is nice to know this story hit a sweet spot for many readers.