Most of us discovered our “powers” by the first year of high school, there were always the late bloomers but for the vast majority freshmen year was when you’d figure out what you could do. Like anything in life, nothing is truly free. Some kids could breathe fire, or make little fireballs in their hand, but this came with a cost of their caloric reserves. We learned this when someone tried to instantly grow a sapling into a tree and ended up as a hollow dried up husk after the reaction they started ran out of control. That, or when an overzealous teen tried to make a show of a huge fireball they’d pass out from low blood sugar like an idiot.

Some kids could manipulate electricity and form a sort of lightning. Others had various degrees of telepathy, or telekinesis or even both, but the mental tax was fairly evident requiring training to do much more than pick up their school lunch for a minute without dropping like a sack of beets.

I was always the weird kid, picked on, bulled some but I managed to stave off the worst of it. High school started, and when I suddenly didn’t have a power like the rest of them it got worse, though a slick tongue and knowing how to lay low kept me safe and thankfully scorch mark free.

I did have a power according to the specialists me and my mom visited. It was hard to quantify and they didn’t exactly know how to parse it. Most would manipulate their body’s natural energy reserves and it would be transformed for lack of a better term, into something else with some losses. Heat energy, electrical currents, psychokinetic waves, something. My situation wasn’t the same it was as if I had some control over the raw energy itself, meaning in theory I could propagate it how I pleased. I couldn’t figure out how to transmogrify it into fire, or ice or anything elemental. I was almost despondent, what good was this energy if I can’t do anything with it?

I struggled with this, and had a breakthrough while bored in class. I was focused on figuring out a use, and imagined ‘storing’ up some of that energy in my mouth, and blew out. I sent my metal water bottle a few feet across the room and onto the floor. Everyone turned to me in shock.

Suddenly I had more ideas, though the kids thought I just had weak ‘air’ powers similar to some others in the school. I didn’t bother to try and explain the difference, they just overtalked and laughed. A “walking fart machine” they’d tease. I decided to experiment, I focused on my left hand and started to ‘store’ the extra energy there. Day by day, I’d add more to this growing orb I imagined. After a while it got taxing to keep adding into the ‘bank’ but I could maintain it without feeling ill or passing out. It took no effort to keep the built up energy. I didn’t have any kind of cooldown, it felt like there was a warm swollen bubble around my fist. 

A week went by with this bubble of energy around my fist, no one could see it, no one really knew. That was until one of the upperclassmen started giving me shit. He was quite good with his fireballs. He could fire out several in rapid succession to a distance over a hundred meters, or lob a single large one.  Naturally he’d pick on the ‘walking fart machine’ kid. Verbal threats roll off your back. Slaps to the back of the head, with enough heat to singe the hairs off your neck. Now that, that would make anyone turn around and want to swing.

I didn’t think, I was tired of the jokes and the growing physical assault. I told him to fuck off in the morning, and his reply was “You can’t do anything about it.” Along with some derogatory remarks I’d rather not repeat. He was taller than me, more muscular and good with fire, he wasn’t exactly wrong. As I walked away, he smacked the back of my head, only it felt like his hand was a soldering iron. I turned, and with my left fist clenched, knuckles bone white, I made contact with his lower jaw.

There was a sickening noise accompanying the ‘BANG’ that rang out through the hallway. I felt the pressure wave rush past me in that instant all the energy was released like a small explosion. When I looked up, my hand had blood on the end of it, and this assholes lower jaw was missing. Looking to my left, I saw where it had skid to a stop on the tile floor about twenty feet away, removed almost surgically.

I realized in that instant just how much energy I had built up into that punch without knowing. It was only a month later I realized I could compress it like layers in an onion, and use the full outer surface of my body as a bank to store this energy. I don’t worry about bullies anymore.