 A major step has been made in intergalactic contact and understanding. The Alien Armada has shown up, and, contrary to popular belief, looked nothing like your average Grey or Martian. Some did. Others shared lots of human characteristics. Others looked like pure amalgamations, not to be intentionally rude. Others were just… literal blobs. On other news, it turns out that contrary to popular belief, as well, the aliens aren’t so far ahead of us it’s incomprehensible. We are actually relatively advanced for the other galactic being. The only thing behind is our space travel. We are atrociously behind in that field. The ISS was repurposed with alien tech, and became the first Earth Armada ship. But, one question remains. Why bother with us? Simple. The answer was our vast expanse of culture, specifically, that which is edible. The aliens had almost none of the ingredients for proper food. The made raw energy using a special liquid found on other planets. The details are fuzzy. They just drunk the nutrients the required. The planets that did have food, weren’t good at all. Our culinary creations landed us a table spot at the GCIB, or the Galactic Counsel of Intergalactic Beings. How this was possible, we have not a clue. But, there are some major problems with that. Demand for raw ingredients has expanded tenfold, and we are in search of planet that has the space and proper living conditions to grow more food. On Earth, we also traded other goods such as lead, concrete, and domestic pets not from the other planets. They especially love dogs. Global tourism has just started, and it’s been a hard time for everyone on Earth. For starters, a lot of them speak unfamiliar languages, and we requested the public own age of Translators and Language classes for a while, but that all just started. It’s not uncommon to have a line formed because the alien needs to point at something in order to communicate. Some aliens speak the same languages we do. Others can use auto transmissions to understand human languages in an instant, which would break the language barrier on Earth. Anyway, onto actual food. On average, the most consumed foods are poultry, dairy, and flour products. Tacos, Pasta, Shish Kebabs, BBQ, all that kinda stuff has soared. The current leader of the GCIB, an alien that sort of resembles Yoda, but taller and with a tail, is named Kubrick. He leads the Fo’orayn tribe. Even he accredits Earth with their culinary advancements. Gordon Ramsey woulda gotten a kick outta that if he didn’t die in 2026 from food poisoning. There are even alien celebrities now. Permanent residents of Earth are normally humans, but 35% of them are aliens. The world population is now 9.34 billion. We made a moon colony. Just ten years ago, all of these theories were just speculation and testing. Now, we’re here. And history is changing right before our eyes, so don’t blink! Lest you miss the wondrous things we’ll do. - Keith J. Fourman, Reporter for the Intergalactic News Station, Rough Draft for the 2031 Recap of the past 10 years