A blast of green light struck maybe an inch away from where I sat, raining down in a cone from above and landing, sizzling away at the stone floor.

“Mages,” I utter under my breath as I undid the strap to the shield on my back. It was a good shield from a good blacksmith, and enchanted by a good wizard a few years back for this express purpose.

The next time the acid rain came down, I slid out into the open, shield over my whole body as I felt it fill with holy energy. A blast and crumbling rocks, then something falling in the chasm between us, I couldn’t be bothered to look. 

I normally wanted to keep death to a minimum, but this cat, curse this cat, how on earth did this cat manage to cross two oceans and across a live battlefield, I cannot understand. Somehow it is still alive and somehow it has found itself weaseled into a cultist headquarters.

At least I hope so, cause the last two leads have been dead ends.

The hallway was just on ahead through this accursed cavern, and then the Prayer Room. I would just have to fight through…

I let out a sigh as I read through the memo. I pressed on my temples, feeling the weight of the world

more zombies, why is always zombies. It wasn’t even interesting anymore. Another death cult that would eventually kill itself if I hadn’t bothered. I step out from where I am and walk slowly into a graveyard as bodies begin raising from the earth. I swing my blade and draw holy glyphs into the air. Yellow flames spew out all around me as I think about my little house I bought a month ago in the capital, maybe running a tavern would be more thrilling.

By Mythrial, I thought, surrounded by sanctified ground and ashen bodies, none of this thrilled me anymore.

The Prayer Room was just ahead and even in the hallway I could hear loud chanting and their leader.

“Brothers and sisters! Our lords our is soon close, with this catalyst we will unbind him.”

Good they haven’t noticed me yet. I peer into the room and see a summoning circle surrounded by cultists, with the leader holding a cat in the air.

The cat, my cat.

I bash down the doors with my shield, and the group turns, shocked with gasps.

“Who dares?” The leader calls, and I just stare blankly back, I was simply too tired to give a reply.

“A stoic hero kind I see, but it is too late, he is already coming.”

If it wasn’t for the fact that the leader had the cat I would’ve already blasted this group to kingdom come. Too bad, I’d have to convince them to let go.

I filled my blade with holy light and let off sparkles, one of the first ever things I figured out how to do, how fitting I thought.

The others were much less impressed, pulling out daggers and wands.

“Well, what are you all waiting for to get him!” The leader shouted.

The group fights clumsily, likely because they are all nobles who have never worked in their lives.

There goes one, tripped over, another as I bash his head with my pommel. Third I’ll cut his chest, he’ll be fine he probably fainted from the blood.

“What? Get him, stop him from interrupting our plans!” The Leader shouted, before raising the cat to the sky.

“Oh great one in the endless void hear our prayers…” he begins chanting as a  purple light channeled down and the cat meowed and hissed. Mistake number two, the first mistake was having a bunch of mages on their side.

The magic bolts struck my shield and filled it with holy light and I released, sending it back at the summoning circle. A blast of energy struck its side and knocking everyone to their feet.

And the cat, freaked out and suddenly  freed, sprinted away into a corner of the room.

Finally, I thought, brandishing my blade to the sky.

“Dragonlord may you hear my pleas, I bequeath your strength so that I may smite these heretics down on their knees.”

No sooner did the words leave my mouth did I feel my jaw morph and change into something jaggered and scaly, this is rare.

I open my mouth and let golden flames spew out.

—

Even to and from two oceans and a battlefield the cat seems completely ignorant that it took a year long journey across the globe. She wasn’t even malnourished when I had rescued her.

By the time I arrived to the farm the farmer had already adopted another cat, and here’s the best part, the cat wouldn’t leave me. Five minutes out and she would have ran back to me.

“And that’s how I adopted Ms Bitsy.” I said.

“You’ve got to be joking you expect we believe you went on all that?” Shouted one from a group of new adventurers

“Haha, and my mums part of the seelie court.” Shouted another.

I sighed, one day I’ll impress some of the new cut.

“Don’t give them any mind, they’re still new.” Says Joe in a concerned tone.

“Oh the new crop is fine, I was as big headed when I was green, give it a few years they’d all want to settle then.” I shrug, “if they make it of course.”

Ms Bitsy meowed before jumping up on the bar, and wrapped her body up on Joe’s hand. I laugh.

“She’s not going to be getting up now you know that?” I say.

Joe begins to panic, and begs me for help, and I would laugh again. Ah the days would pass, and the tavern was a good choice, beer food and my old shield and sword hung overhead.

But sometimes.

“Oi, The Nine! Look at me, you still owe us for saving your asses last week.” Came from outside

“What’s that?” I asked Joe, still with a cat on his arm.

“Seems to be a commotion between two adventuring parties.” Joe says between more yelling.

Everyone watches as the two parties yell, then a fireball, and then a body is thrown through the door.

I smirk. “Keep everyone inside happy,” I tell Joe, taking down the sword and shield from the wall. “I’ll sort this out.”