The woods stood still. Despite the life still brimming inside them, despite the birds still chirping early in that morning it was all over. The carriages were gone. As were the guards that protected those carriages usually owned by merchants passing by from the city of Kaghvir to the less big city of Trikel.

“The shortest trade route in the country... gone and disappeared as if it never existed overnight?” Spoke the infamous Necromancer called Gavir as he stated outside his house’s window.

Despite it being apparent that the house was very visible from the inside, using various charms, help from the Witch Association and various other means the house not only appeared invisible from the outside, but had a tendency to subtly “suggest anyone who comes near it” to go and walk in a different direction given how despite its invisibility, the house was still able to be touched and even smelt sometimes if the Necromancer failed to change the wooden exterior of it every 50-100 years or so.

“Today is... peculiar,” Gavir furrowed his eyebrows, putting on his inconspicuous brown robe in order to head out and investigate.

Something was clearly not right that day. It was as if all sentient life (that was able to do taxes and do those pesky politics and/or wage wars for almost made-up reasons) disappeared overnight by the will of the Goddess herself.

Stepping outside, Gavir saw and truly felt the roads empty of the 2 or so carriages he saw outside his window usually every 5 minutes or so. The massive and unending carriage caravan that totalled over 3000 carriages daily (without the slightest gap or pause in nighttime carriages passing through), all of which were delivering goods through the small stretch of land between the two cities.

“Or was it perhaps that my or someone else’s dark arts had killed that pesky “Lady in White” calling herself the world’s Goddess?” Gavir walked around a bit, trying to maybe find some pesky adventurers lying in wait in their attempt to assassinate him, since that would be the most reasonable explanation for his current predicament. The Goddess with whom he had a feud so large that he was almost able to kill her grew tired of him, sent the King and the city’s governors Gavir’s location and urged all of them to “come and rid the world of the most infamous Necromancer in history”.

Or so it would go... if Gavir actually found anyone lying in wait to kill him. Instead, there was no one.

Given how Trinken lay just a measly 10 kilometers from Gavir’s home, it was time to take a small hike, pretending to be a (mostly) malnourished traveller from a village burnt down by a dragon.