I looked down at the wretched hord of shadowy nightmares as they scaled the building, bullets screamed throughout the night sky. They're horrible — and I'm one of them. I gazed to her by my side one last time. 

This is it, isn't it?

She was fierce, teeth grit and malice in her eyes as she hosed the horde down with her machine gun. The mimics screamed and cried out in defiance, an ocean of alien bodies replacing one after another.

"F*ck! F*ck! F*ck! They're everywhere! They're —" her magazine clicked empty, ".. Everywhere," she said. Defeat marinated her voice. She screamed in fury and threw her weapon off the building. She looked at me with red, tired eyes — but she wasn't afraid. She looked relieved.

"I'm sorry. I tried — I really did."

I sighed,  "Me too. But it was never going to be enough." I hugged her as tightly as I could. The sound of the horde drew nearer.

"I think I put you all in danger. I never wanted to do this to you of all creatures. Of all people."

She was bewildered, panicked at her impending death, "Jack — what are you saying?"

"I'm saying my time here was well spent." 

I held her hand in mine. 

"There's so much more to life than ambition, than drive," I said, "Because of you, I realized that I can be whoever I choose to be. I wanna be a man — not a mimic, who does the right thing."

"Well, you didn't leave me to die up here alone," she half-smiled, "I think you're pretty OK for that one, Jack. I wasn't expecting the end of the world to be the end of *my* world. It pisses me off — there was so much we could've done for our people. Oh well... We tried. Okay why are you smiling?"

My smile didn't fade.

" Can you do me a favor before I die? "

She shrugged her shoulders slowly.

" Don't be afraid, " I said. 

My skin peeled away giving birth to a shadowy shell. The ones that mimics had. My clothes, my body, everything flickered like a flame, transmuting back into what I really was — a mimic. Just like those creatures below. She flinched and jumped away from me.

Ouch. I wasn't prepared for her to look at me that way. Like I was a monster. 

Atleast she'll be okay. 

"You're, " she said, " You're one of them. "

I kept my human voice, "Always have been. I hate that I misled you all but things changed, I'll understand if you never forgive me but," with one altered hand I extended it several Meters, grabbing her by her shoulder and hoisting her away from the building away towards the ground.

" You need to leave," I said. 

She shouted something at me. A plea, or an insult — I had no idea. The horde was too loud. Many of them reached the top of the building with sharpened knives for teeth. I didn't stand a chance.

"Traitor!" they screamed at me in unison.

They tore me apart. Hundreds of hands, hundreds of teeth tearing into every inch of my body. 

"TRAITOR!" they screamed at me once again. Their dark bodies overwhelmed me and I closed my eyes.

It didn't matter anymore. I felt nothing and soon enough I knew I was going to be nothing. 

I'm dying now — but I can't say this wasn't worth it. Being one of them. Building these relationships with these people, I'd do it all over again if I could.

My body's gone, all I can sense is my fading consciousness. My mind, wherever it goes. 

Something bothered me as everything faded to black. 

 I wish I knew what she said before I had to go.