Now don’t give me that look. I know there are some of us out there giving the craft a bad name but just because there are certain conditions to the manner in which I provide my healing does not mean that, at the end of the day… or life… I have not provided that healing. I like to believe that us necromancers are the ones really truly listening to what the body is saying, and sometimes it is saying I just need to die right now, and you know what I think that’s alright. If the soul is destined to separate from its prison of mortal flesh, then that’s a process that I believe we have to accept. For a little bit. Maybe just pretend to in the first place. See you can wait here for a *normal* doctor but all they’re going to tell you is that they’ve done everything they could and now we have to accept the natural course. But what if we didn’t? We could just pretend the soul was pulling away for a little while and give the consciousness a brief moment to reboot itself so to speak, and then we pull that sucker back and place them in the body and you know a lot of the times that seems to solve the problem.

Let me explain it to you like this. Say your computer hangs on a green screen. Not completely crashing, but not responding either. Could be any number of things in there. Do you know how to fix that? I sure don’t. I would just turn it off, turn it on again, and wouldn’t you know that fixes the problem almost every time. For a while. Necromancy is sorta like that. I know it has its negative connotations, I get it, you think it's sacrilegious or heretical or whatever big woohoo word you want to use to say some higher power or law is gonna get offended by my violation of the natural order, but I think it’s time we as a society looked past that. All I know is that I’ve taken some body with organs melted into themselves and limbs curled around in rigor and when I was done with it the guy looked sprier than he had in thirty years. The soul is very good at healing itself when it has to, so you just have to tell it to get back in the meat puppet and sort its problems out. 

Now that isn’t to say that the burgeoning field of necromancy is without any controversy, but that’s to be expected with such a recent increase in growth and acceptance. There are some particular forward thinkers that want to… ahem… accelerate the process but I think they’ve lost sight of a valuable window for explaining the - 

Oh are they dead? I guess that part of the discussion is a bit of a moot point then. Well, you might want to take a step back, this isn’t the most pleasant part of the process to watch. I’ll… uhh… let you know when the soul has found its way home.