I got lucky today, my door opened onto a small forest filled with apple trees and even a few mushrooms. This is what I was hoping for from Breath of the Wild. There seemed to be no ryme or reason to where my door opened. It didn't matter where I was in the game, the door would just magically open into a random place in that game's world. The vast majority of time BotW opened onto a freezing cold moutain or a harsh desert, there were usually monsters nearby too. A group bokogoblins didn't sound so bad until your realized you didn't have a heart meter. Getting stabbed meant you got stabbed and no amount of cooked mushrooms would heal it. They would give me speed boost for an hour though.
As I collected my last bit of supplies I heard the chatter of goblins. I downed an extra speed potion I'd cooked up and ran for it. By the time the monsters noticed me I'd already reached the door to my room and shut it tight. 
None of the game characters had ever been able to breach the door, and none were able to see it. Just another mystery to ignore.
Now safe in my bedroom, I booted up my switch again, taking BotW out and replacing it with one of the pokemon games, before proceeding to the door again. Opening it I found myself looking at another grassy field. Standing in the field to my right I spotted a kid holding a big butterfly net. 

A bug catcher? I wondered. "Hey, what route is this?" I asked. The bug catcher turned to me and got a funny look in his eyes. 
"Time to test my might!" he announced.
I shut the door before the battle music could begin. 
Going into battle without a Pokemon was a bad idea. I'd learned that the hard way. I'd been trying to warp into the starting town for weeks with no luck.

I continued through my game collection, I'd never been one for those calm farming games sadly. It was all battle mechanics and adventure. Pokemon, Zelda, and a few others were the only ones who had actual food in them.

I have a theory that if I complete one of the games I'll be sent home. But so far it's been hard just to make it to the beginning much less the end. So I keep traveling...