"I'm starting to get worried," Adam said. "Gareth and his company had already sent us a message two weeks ago. They claimed to be 99% of the way here.”

"Maybe something stopped them. Remember what the prophecy said. Only a fellowship of all races – human, dwarf, elf and mage – can save Esgilith from the Great Evil” said the elf.

"Give up on that prophecy! We have been sitting on our asses for two weeks, and meanwhile a dragon is ravaging the city!” thundered the dwarf, clearly already drunk.

"You have spent the last two weeks drinking. If you had instead helped us in our search for another wizard to join our team, we might already be on our way." said the elf angrily.

Suddenly the argument was interrupted by a deep voice. An old man in a long blue robe stained with blood entered the inn. 

"Friends, let’s cancel this argument," Gareth the Installation Wizard spoke. "Forgive the delay. Along the way, my team and I were ambushed by a monster. Unfortunately, I was the only one to survive. This means the Evil is growing in strength. We must move immediately.”

***

On the way the mood improved considerably. Even the dwarf began to show signs of optimism.

"And when we've slaughtered the beast, we'll make a nice profit. I heard that this dragon has a bigger treasury than the emperor." he said.

"We'd better focus on how to defeat him." replied the elf. "As far as I know, Gareth, you went through the archives to gain knowledge of the beast's weaknesses. Tell me where I should aim my bow.”

"Ah, about that... I must have lost this data somewhere in the Program Files... " replied the wizard nervously.

"This Gareth is acting suspiciously." whispered Adam to the dwarf quietly enough for the wizard not to hear him. 
"Yesterday when he saw me practicing sword fighting, he tried to push his toolbar on me. He claimed it would be more useful to me than my sword.”

"Don't be afraid,” the dwarf reassured him. "He is a trusted man, from recommendation. My good friend met him on a pirate ship a few years ago. They spent several years together on the sea and he never let him down. And the best part is that he agreed to take part in the expedition without taking anything for himself. Think about it, all the treasure would be ours! What a great guy.”

"That's what I found the most strange." replied the human. However, the dwarf's self-confidence proved convincing enough for him not to pursue the subject.

***

The man drew his sword. This was the last chance. The dragon devoured the elf before he could even draw his bow. The trap the dwarf was setting up, instead sent himself flying into the air. Now only Adam and Gareth remained. But the latter's spells, cast from afar, seemed to have no effect on the dragon.

Adam crept close to the dragon's lair, so that the soft belly of the beast was within reach. He swung his sword. Suddenly, however, a tremendous pain pierced his body. He looked down and saw a spike sticking out of his chest. With the last of his strength, he turned and looked at Gareth, who was standing right behind him.

"You didn't read my EULA, did you? "said the wizard. "Or you would know, what happens to those that don't want to pay." he smiled.