"You know you just committed a hate crime right?" I commented as I walked up behind the idiot redneck standing behind the now-burned vampire. Her burning pale form, remnants of pale blonde hair, and gasoline, graced me from over three kilometers away while I was enjoying a Wednesday drive around the hills. The sound of autumn leaves being crushed beneath my feet filled both our ears, while the autumn winds caressed our tanned cheeks.

The Sun glared down upon our hilltop, and laced the forest with its golden rays.

"I ain't no libtard like y'all!" he screamed back as he turned. His coked up red-eyes and methamphetamine blasted teeth graced me with their putrid visages as he kicked the vampire corp-ash piles mostly- down the cliff edge.

"And well... torture. Since you stood their grinning like a fool as she burned in the sunlight. Not that you should be concerned with either."

He blinked back.

"Really?" 

"Yes. Because it's 4:45PM on a Jaunary day and you just killed a Coven Lord's wife."

He staggered back.

"I-I-I ain't afraid of no leech!" Yet his face drained of color all the same.

4:46PM. The winds sing of dusk.

"Allow me to share with you my knowledge of these blood sippers. Since I am an actual Hunter," I said as I approached the man. My steps echoed throughout the hilltop as I slowly neared him.

His eyes widened and I could see all the little blood veins in his drugged, terrified mind.

I stopped, and my eyes were two and a half inches from his.

"Vampires are superhuman sanguinares. At an absolute minimum, vampires are eight times faster, stronger, and resilient than their human counterpart. Except, during day light, where they are only equal to humans. And of course, this strength multiplier waxes and wanes depending on blood intake."

4:47PM. Even from here, the Sun's rays were almost completely dim. 

"What else can they do?" the addict asked as he began shaking catatonically. He started looking around. The first sign of intelligence from the drug addict.

"Speak through thoughts with each other and other willing participants."

The addict suddenly thrusted his arm into his jacket as I  spoke, and drew another needle before injecting it into his right arm. He looked vigorous within seconds as his pupils dilated before sharpening

4:48PM. The Light has been snuffed. 

"I WILL TAKE ON ALL THESE LEECHES BY MY-"

A pale hand reached out and caressed his cheek, before the addict dispersed into azure dust.

I manifested a cigar with my magic, before placing the lightning-lit tobacco product between my lips.

I took a long drag before breathing out and replying

"My apologies ma'am, but my lethal reactivity to vampiric biomass made it impossible to intervene." 

Azure flames erupted, before an albino woman of knee-length snow white hair emerged forth from within the inferno.

Just three inches from my face her burning ruby irises and silver pupil bored into my soul. Possibly literally.

**It is fine. Some pain. Nothing beyond,** her hair cascaded in the winds, like snowflakes dispering from the mountain peaks.

Her mouth never moved.

"Ah. So how long till the missus 'reconstitutes'?" I asked.

She grinned.

"Bark up a different tree, mongrel."