The Kilotonne Exocet Regulated MIssile Terminal - painfully abbreviated as KERMIT - was... frog shaped.

Weirdly, it suddenly made sense. Active camouflage, moist anti-IR coating, dual periscope eyes, amphibious assault ability and an ability to propel itself off the ground to launch Exocets off its mouth without blowback to team members... This thing could sneak up, deliver it's big bellyful of payload like a whiplash and disappear without a trace.

The real mystery, as I examined its four hydraulic multipurpose limbs, was how it got it's Exocets. Granted it wasn't the most exciting missile, but it was versatile as hell and Kermit had a seemingly unending supply of them and they were lethal against Russian tanks, airplanes, ships, you name it.

So lethal that my commander spent last week whining about how few Russian tanks would be reusable once Kermit joined our team.

I'd be the most affected - as a sniper, you can't have a frickin 10 foot frog jumping up in the air and advertising your location every time it set off a missile. What would help is if we had Kermit be the decoy. Put the IR transparent camouflage to good use. I volunteered.

So we snuck up the coast, and Kermit set off 10 birds at an artillery site, timing them to resemble Ukrainian artillery, before hopping off. I watched the action unfold a few miles away, Russian teenagers scampering to the artillery for a response, scampering away as the birds hit, and buying me space for insertion. Two days, one more barrage and a bullet later, the artillery was neutralised, along with the poor sod of a general and the teens scattered.

We made our way down near Sochi. To Pootie's compound. Kermit indicated he was full (how?), so all I needed was some panic and a bullet, and hopefully we'd get the chap after to end the war, bust this charade open, regain the trust of the world and help Russians and Ukrainians get back to passively hating each other.

What happened was unexpected. Kermit bounced his way into the compound, bullet fire ricocheting off his underbelly, grabbed poor ol' Pootie and bogged off into the Caspian!

I could barely read the lips of the spetsnaz chaps chattering as they staggered out of the compound - Kermit thought ol' Pootie Ms. Piggie.