# This was something I made in like 40 minutes. Its supposed to be a sort of comedy, but I'll let you guys decide if it was funny or not.

	

&amp;#x200B;

Arthur Was sleeping soundly in his bed until he was awakened by a deafening roar.  


“My name is Satan and I’m here for your soul”

Slowly waking up, Arthur looked lazy-eyed at the tall red man in his room. He looked him up and down, up and down.  


“A bit of a weird time to be cosplaying isn't it.” Arthur said in between a yawn.  


Satan shook it off before continuing. “Shut up mortal! Do you have any idea who you're talking to!”  


“Are you Carl from down the street?”  
	

“No, what the hell are you talking about? I’m Satan, king of the underworld!”  
	

“Not Carl? Then are you Jake? He dresses up in red too doesn't he. But like I said last time, I'm not buying insurance!”  
	

Satan was too stunned to speak. “Could it be that this man was dropped on his head as a kid? No! Of course not, this is the same guy that ran off with my tickets at the arcade! I go to the mortal world once for the first time in a hundred years and I get my tickets stolen at an arcade!” His mind was spinning.  
	

“Hey you, do you want some bagel bites!” Arthur had gotten out of bed unbeknownst to Satan.  
	

“No! I'm not so low as to accept food from you!”  
	

“Is that a yes?”  
	

“Noo!”  
	

“Yes?”  
	

Satan was fuming with rage and his skin turned a darker shade of red.   


“Damn you, you son of a fat pig! Listen to me!  


“What was that? I can't hear you over the sound of the fan. Let me turn it off real quick.”  


“I said! Listen to me!  


“Oh ok, you want me to listen. Well you should have just said that. Jeez man, like, get to the point when you talk,”   


“Now that I've got you listening I’ll tell you what I was going to say.”   
Satan pulled out a scroll and started to read. “By the jurisdiction of the courts of the underworld you are hereby convicted of 3rd degree offense 4582: Stealing arcade tickets from the King.”  


“But I didn't do that”  


“Yes you did! Two days ago you took my tickets while I was on the claw machine!”  


“Ohh… yeahh” Arthur murmured.“What proof do you have, you're not able to prove my guilt.”  


“Are you stupid? You literally just admitted to it under your breath.”  


“No”  


“Yes you did”  


“No I didn’t”  


“Yes! You! Did! The punishment for that offense is death by fire, so you better listen to me or el-  


Ding! Ding! Ding!  
	

“Ooooohhh, our pizza bagels are done.” Arthur quickly walked to grab the bagels and brought them back to the bed in a bowl.  
	

“It is 2 in the morning, why are you making pizza bagels? That ought to be a sin on its own, you little weirdo.”  
	

“You know man, I know some of us grow up with self esteem issues, but do you really have to take it out on other people?” What if you tried being nice to people? Maybe you could even make some friends.”  


“Me? Friends? I could really have friends? Maybe your righ-. I know what you're doing, that won't work on me!” Satan steeled his heart to never fall prey to these little human tricks again.  
	

“Now, on to what I was saying. Your punishment is being burned alive.”  
	

“Noooo!” Arthur yelled  
	

“Hahaha, now you're getting scared you little twat!” Satan loved the sorrow.  
	

“My bagel bite fell on the floor! What have I done!”  
	

“Damn you, you pile of dog feces will you just listen to me for once in your life.”  
	

“Haha, my mom used to say that to me, so did my teachers, my brother, and my friends…”  
	

Even Satan with a heart as cold as his showed a bit of sadness for him. “Oh, I'm sorry about that. Hit a sore spot”  
	

“Hey, do you want to go to bible study with me. It really helps me in my mental state.”   
Although Satan is the king of the underworld he agreed to this offer, I mean… it's not like he's a devil or something. Because that would be plain evil to refuse.  
	

Arthur and Satan ended up going to bible study together, but were later burned to ashes when their bible study group played a holy water – water balloon fight. Arthur was burned because he had come into close contact with the devil prior to the meeting.  


So ends the story of Arthur and Satan. The most devilish duo.