Kellen grabbed another handful of popcorn. " Ya know, it's not like we have many options," he said, mouth full of food.

I sighed. " Yeah, I know." 

"I mean it's not like I'm sucking on anyone you know. Which is more than I can say for you." He punched my right arm and smiled, making me laugh.

"I told you , Rebecca and I are just friends." I shot him a nervous look, my cheeks flushing red with heat. "That mark means nothing."

"Uh huh." He reached for the black, plastic remote and turned down the volume. "I've left less incriminating marks on my donors."

I raised my left eyebrow. "Your donors?" He turned towards me, causing me to scoot back. "Is that what you call them?"

"That's what they call themselves,  Elliot. Everything I do is consensual."

"That doesn't matter. You're still feeding on human beings under my roof, " I yelled, my voice vibrating off the thin walls of our apartment.

He raised an index finger "OUR roof, Elliot. Ours. Both our names are on the lease."

"How long have you been a vampire?" I said,  sidestepping his comment.

"How long have you been a hunter?"

"I asked you first."

I asked you first, " he mocked, his voice turning high pitch.

A hard thud emanated from the ceiling, dust particles falling from the ceiling fan, Kellen forgot to clean that week. 

"See, the neighbors are hearing us fight. You're gonna blow both our covers."

He rolled his eyes and stood up "If they say anything I'll gut them like a deer."

"And I'll stake you."

"No you won't"

I jumped to my feet and fiddled with the knife in my left pocket, flicking open it's short, dull blade. "Oh yeah and why's that?"

He let out a groan and threw up his hands. "Because , the rent's too high."

"I'll figure out how to afford it on my own."

He bit his lip and glided across the white tile. "Yeah, right. You freelance as a hunter and the coffee shop on campus is not exactly making you a millionaire."

"Well, I'll get another job to make up for it."

"Where? Better yet, how? How are you gonna manage studying for your business degree, hunting vampires,  and working at Bean About It."

Again, he was right. I always hated when he was right. "You don't even need sleep. Why do you need an apartment,  anyway?"

"To keep up appearances." He flew over to the fridge, opened the door and pulled out two Cokes. He flung one toward me and I barely caught it before it hit our television. "I have to appear human."

"How long?"

He opened the soda and  took a gulp "How long, what?"

"Have you been a vampire?"

"April was two years."

The anger swelled up in my chest and I pressed my fingers against the can. "When were you going to tell me?"

"I don't know." A nervous look or maybe one of guilt,  covered his face. "I just freaked, okay. One day I'm not a vampire and then the next I'm sucking blood from a freshman's neck."

The last bit of sunlight broke through our apartment,  orange hues hitting every dust particle there was. "Who turned you? " I said, noticing the sky turn to night.

"Julia."

My eyes went wide and I scowled. "My ex-girlfriend, Julia. You hooked up with, Julia. The love of my life."

"No. No. No. Not at all.  It wasn't like that , man. It was the night we were at Shawn Dylan's party. You left early. I remember you complaining about a stomach bug."

"Yeah, yeah I did."

"So , Julia came up to me a few hours later. I thought she had gone home with you."

"Nah, I told her to stay and have a good time."

He chuckled and jumped onto the kitchen counter. "Good  ole Elli. You always wanted to make her happy."

"So, what happened?"

"She came up to me, acting drunk. We're talking, falling over coffee tables and couches drunk."

"And?"

He ran a hand through his slick backed, black hair. " I decided to walk her home before anybody could cause trouble. The college has a big problem with assault you know."

"I know."

"So I was walking her home when she fell down. I went to pick her and up then she ---"

"Bit you."

"Yeah, but it wasn't even on the neck at first. She bit my hand. I've never seen so much blood in my life. I pulled back and she lunged at me. The next thing I know, I'm waking up in her apartment, allergic to sunlight. "

"Why you? Why did she turn you?" Tears welled up in my eyes and I wiped them away. "Did she have feelings for you?"

He glided towards me and hovered over the couch, patting the cushions. "I don't know but even if she did, I wouldn't have reciprocated."

"Why not?"

His voice cracked "Because, Elliot. You're my best friend. I wanted to kill her that next morning. You know that? What she did to me, changed my life forever."

"So it seems."

"I didn't kill her because I knew that it'd hurt you. The last thing I'd ever want to do is hurt you."

"Are you the reason she broke up with me?"

He frowned and placed his head in his hands "Yes." I let out a sigh and pulled out the knife from my pocket. "I told her that if she ever went near you again,  I'd kill her myself. I didn't want what happened to me to happen to you."

"That's why she broke up with me over text and moved to Rushmore State."

"Yep." He landed on the couch and chipped at the dried skin on his lip. " I'm sorry, Elliot. I really am."

I sprung to my feet and made my way to our entrance "Rent's due on the first, " I reminded him, pulling the door open. "Don't be late."

"Where are you going?" 

"Somewhere  I can get some clarity." I walked out and slammed the door behind me. In my right pocket my phone buzzed. I knew who it was. 

Julia.