An immeasurable amount of years have passed by our village, Heaven's Grave. Despite the grim name, it's a peaceful place filled with hard working, simple folk. Uncomplaining, too, save for the children who love to poke and prod the herded animals, the adults who tend to them, all the while giggling and smiling. 

Our huts dot the blighted land, chimneys whispering smoke to the heavens, and the aroma of roasted meat, boiled roughage, and stew seemingly lingers from every open window. We like it this way for it always been such, and we have had no inclination to change it.

Outsiders are wont to avoid Heaven's Grave. It's rumored the name was a cursed name given *by* outsiders, bewitching and abandoning the rolling fields and mountainous horizon as though it was plagued by the Fallen One. I've never understood why, nor has any of the ancient texts kept in the athenaeum... 

Why would people travel the extra hundred miles or so around our village? Why risk passing through the Greaywood Forest with the thieves and thugs, the bears and wolves, all those trees like a labyrinth submerged in gloom—it's quite easy to get lost there, so I've heard, the Goddess does like her tricks.

The grass may be sickly yellow; the soil evergreen, garnished with cerulean gems that are not quite solid and not quite liquid; our animals with six legs or four eyes or seven ears and angelic wings or their fur and feathers stained crimson and aquamarine; and the Fallen One towers over all but he's no worry for he hasn't ever stirred. 

"What're doin' Lind?" Papa says from the open door, his pale skin unglowing in the day. "You're s'pposed to be out tending to the chickens."

His words pull me from my reverie, a stack of borrowed tomes to my side, and I smile. "I'm just thinking Papa, just thinking..."

He comes into his home, a smile matching my own, revealing his rippling black gums, ghostly wigglers peeking out from the tiny holes. "You be in those books, again?" He places his calloused hand onto my shoulder and warmth radiates into me, speaking of bygone years I long for sometimes.

"You know me well," I say. "Can't you make Tom tend to the chickens, just this once?"

"And what will ya' been doin' otherwise? We have a village to tend to, ya' know?"

I nod. "I can harvest the Fallen One," I say, then blurt: "for supper."

The opaque fog rolls in his clustered eyes, his other hand scratching the underside of his protruding chin. "And that be all? Meat?"

"Yes, that's all Papa."

"Fine then, now get before your brother finds out."

Without another word, my crooked legs carry me out the door.

---

From afar, he would appear as only a mountain raised from the earth, but it's the other way he came to be. Too many myths and tales about him. A god. An angel. A devil. A being not from this realm. A monstrosity not meant to be. He seems as though he's sleeping, dreaming of a place he didn't fall. 

There's others already at the Arm Mines, other daughters and sons coming out carrying buckets on their shoulders of the gleaning meat. We exchange hellos as I pass and retrieve my own bucket before heading into his arm. He has many, arms, that is. We can only find four, but those at the athenaeum believe there's many more hidden within the folds of his body, like pedals awaiting for spring to bloom. That'd be gorgeous, him becoming a giant flower. I wonder what he'd smell like. Probably like honey and meat fat, gristle and sweet.

At a vacant spot, I rake at the vaulted, curved walls, pulling out handfuls of meat. Strips of golden-blue, some sprinkled with peridot crystals. It smells like spun sugar, melts in the mouth like cows' milk. There's no mess, no blood, no bones to be found. Other siblings pass by on their way in and out, but I pay them no mind as I fill the bucket until it brims from the top. I make sure no one's looking as I lick my fingers clean, relishing the taste, then make my way out.

---

Instead of heading home, I take the long well-worn path around the Arm Mine, past the Chest Caverns, and the endless strands of what we believe to be hair of some sort. They stream like water, sloping down into the grass. We've been told countless times to never climb it, but many have in the pitch of night. Can't blame them really, it's fun to slide down them.

At the Fallen One's head, I crane my neck back to peer at his eye. Some say it's sealed, others say the featureless orb is just the way it is. It's like staring at the moon up close, like a massive boulder ready to tip out over me. It's quiet here. No mines, caverns, caves, children. A cold breeze blows and the yellow stalks rustle together. Bronze leaves from the trees sprouting from his legs flutter past. Soon we will have a festival to praise him, to give thanks for all that he's offered to us, what he's done to us and what he provides. It's a wonderful night of dance, music, food and laughter—

I gasp as the ground trembles beneath me. I drop the bucket and meat spills out, rolling down the hill behind me. Digging my pointed feet into the ground, I steady myself but the quake ends as abruptly as it began. I turn and look down at the village and hear yelling but I can't make out what they say, someone's screaming from the mines; the athenaeum bell's being rung. 

What does it mean?

What's happening?

I turn and a black ring floats within a rippling galaxy eclipse all that I can see. It locks onto me, dilates and the world holds its breath. The black explodes into blinding burning clouds, a cataclysmic rending of something beyond comprehension from the earth.

We've been wrong all along.

Perhaps the outsider's were right.

He has stirred.

---

If you enjoyed the story and want to read more of my work, visit my [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MicahCastle/) and consider subscribing.