"How do you do it?" Magon the mage asked, swinging his wand around in frustration. This was his third interrogation today, and he was still getting nowhere.

"I already told you. Our systems are spread around the world. They can detect even the smallest amount of seismic activity," the woman tied to the chair said.

"Yes, yes, but how do you do it? How can a human system detect magic?"

"I don't know what you want from me, Mr. Mage. I didn't create the system. I just read the charts and talk about them during the five o'clock news."

For a woman tied to a chair, she was remarkably calm, and that infuriated Magon to no end. His powers were legendary, but no one in the human world seemed to take him seriously.

"If you won't tell me, then I'll force you to show me," Magon said in his most diabolical voice. The woman didn't flinch at his voice, or even bat an eye when Magon pointed his wand at the ropes that bound her and with a simple flick of the wrist made them disappear entirely.

She quickly got up, brushed off her skirt, and led him to a bright green wall a few paces away.

"This here is my green screen. It doesn't look like much from here, but if you look at that screen over there," she pointed at a little picture box across the room "you'll see what my audience sees. That's the 7 day forecast. And if I push this little button here it will take me to a different page of information, like the one about the earthquake."

The green wall didn't move an inch, and neither did the woman, but somehow the picture on the little screen did. It no longer showed 7 days of numbers, but a map of magical output instead.

"Blasphemy! Heresy!" Magon screamed as his ancient magical customs were flashed across a human screen.

"Nope. Just technology," the woman said.

With a scream of rage, Magon shot a bolt of magic at the screen, exploding it on the spot. That would teach the humans to respect the ancient properties of magic.

"Um, you're going to have to pay for that," a man from the back of the room called.

"Humans!" Magon cursed. They truly were as naive as the legends made them out to be.

With one last shower of frustrated sparks from his wand, Magon took his leave. It was high time to abandon his questioning of these insolent beings and seek out these strange 'systems' they always spoke of instead. That had to be where they kept their magic.

"That has to be the strangest intern we've ever had," the lady said as soon as she thought Magon was out of earshot.

Magon just shook his head from the other side of the door. Humans. They would do anything and everything, except believe in magic.