You'd think that thousands of years of history would be better at recording just how many wannabe hunters got wiped out by their prey. But no, all it really does is bang on about the Hellsings and Belmonts of the world and their most famous foes. Honestly, it's a real effort not to roll my eyes and groan as the blogger in front of me continues to rant about the dangerous monsters hiding in plain sight. He's got it mostly right, which is rare nowadays, but he's also stupid.

I hold up a hand to stop him, the unalloyed silver ring on my finger catching the light of the sunset shining through his kitchen window.

"Alright, I get the idea, Mister Richards. So, you suspect that your cousin has been turned into a vampire?"

"I *know* he is! He almost lost it when I cut my leg at his place last week!"

I held my hand up again to stop him from showing me his minor injury *again*.

"Yes, yes, you scratched yourself on a nail that was sticking out of the doorframe of his shed. You've told me multiple times."

"*And* he's been avoiding the sun, refuses to eat garlic anymore, and got rid of his gran's collection of silverware. With *actual* silver! I have to put him down before he does something to the rest of his family! *My* family!"

"*Sit. Down. Mister Richards.*"

Normally I have more patience for people like him. All they wanted was to keep their loved ones safe, they were just misguided. But it had been a long week of cleanup duty from the last wannabe and I was tired.

I waited for the man to return to his seat, then waited a few more seconds for him to cool down.

"... alright then. Now, before you fly off the handle again, understand that your cousin is *not* a vampire. They are a changeling, one of the Fair Folk."

"He's a faer-"

"*We don't use that word, Mister Richards.*"

I waited again for the man to settle down, though at least now he was off balance and confused rather than full of righteous anger so it took less time.

"The one you know as Frederick Morningstar is a registered fey under the jurisdiction of the Supernatural Protection Agency of the Greater Houston Area. The reason for their new nocturnal schedule and avoidance of garlic is that they are *dating* a vampire."

"Stephanie is a vampire?"

"Yes, and she will be here with Frederick shortly to discuss the matter with you personally. I will remain as an observer and mediator."

"Wait, did he get rid of the silver because of her too?"

"No, they simply sold it to another collector."

There was a knock at the door. It seemed like Frederick and Stephanie were here .