“Great work again, adventurers! Because of you, this dear village has been saved! We are in your debt, please, follow me to the tavern, drinks on me!”  
  
“No!” the entire party shouted in unison.  
  
The mayor looked taken aback, but Sir Femur Skullington patted the mayor’s shoulder with a gauntleted hand reassuringly, “we mean no disrespect. It is simply that we have a long night ahead of us and need to attend to our wounds first and foremost. We have all taken a vow against alcohol and, besides, you are much too kind. Offer the drinks to the townsfolk, it was them who have suffered for months under the bandits’ cruelty. We only suffered a day.”  
  
The mayor nodded, “if you’re sure. Have a great evening, all of you. You’re always welcome in our town!”  
  
Dopel Shiftveil turned to the others, “you know… I don’t think any of us has actually explained why we don’t eat or drink in the presence of others.”  
  
Dulles Headstrong shrugged, “what are you talking about?”  
  
Dopel chuckled, “you can’t be serious, you mean to say that none of you have noticed this pattern?”  
  
Chainston Pauldron polished his armored arm idly, “what’s it to you? We all have our own lifestyles. Whether or not this is some paranoia or yours or an actual concern, it's none of the other’s business.”  
  
Dopel shook their head, “a few months ago I might have agreed with you, but we have known each other long enough that this is very much my business.”  
  
Collectus sighed, “that would apply to you too, we all have our secrets. We respect yours, can’t you respect ours?”  
  
Dopel groaned, “look, if you’re hiding your faces because you’re a wanted criminal or disfigured or something, I don’t care. At this point, all you’re showing is that you don’t trust each other. But you all desperately want to. Femur and Collectus, I see you looking at each other. Wouldn’t you want to see each other’s smile, gaze into each other’s eyes.”  
  
Femur’s voice shot up a few pitches, “wh-what are you talking about?”  
  
Dulles laughed, “there’s no need to hide it, you two. We all know you’ve been into each other for some time now.”  
  
Dopel swore they saw Collectus’ helmet tinge pink as they spoke, “is it really that obvious?”  
  
Femur turned to Collectus, “y-you feel the same as I do?”  
  
Collectus eeped excitedly, “yes! You’re so gallant and brave, kind and noble, who wouldn’t like you…”  
  
Femur held Collectus’ hand, “and you, you’re always so good at keeping the group together. You value bonds and have a strategy for any scenario. You fade into the background and let the others take the glory, but I think you deserve more than that.”  
  
The two locked visors, but Collectus turned their gaze downward, “I want to be honest with you, but I’m scared of what you’ll think…”  
  
Femur squeezed Collectus’ gauntleted wrist reassuringly, “I feel the same… but this will be the first step for the whole group, trust. We’ll both reveal ourselves at the same time, alright.”  
  
Collectus nodded, a little less bashful this time, “alright. Three… two… one…”  
  
The two pulled up their visors. Beneath Femur’s helmet was a smiling skull, and beneath Collectus’ visor was a smiling toothy maw, earning a gasp from the others. Collectus immediately closed their visor, voice cracking, “I’m sorry… I’m a hideous monster, I should have never-”  
  
As Collectus turned to flee Femur grabbed their hand, “no… I think you’re beautiful.”  
  
“Really?”  
  
“Yes. It’s I who is the monster, I’m an undead fright. It’s okay to admit if I scare you.”  
  
“Not at all! In fact, I think you’re rather dashing.”  
  
“Truly?”  
  
“Indeed! Those high cheekbones, your charming grin, flawless features. They’re enough to make me swoon!”  
  
Femur embraced Collectus, beaming, “oh Collectus, you flatter me. You can open your visor if you wish, I want to see the real you.”  
  
“The REAL me?”  
  
“What are you implying?”  
  
Collectus’ entire armor tinged pink as a bunch of maws began to appear on it, all speaking in unison, “this is the real me. I know it’s a lot to take in, but I couldn’t lie to you.”  
  
“When I speak to you, am I really speaking to all of them?”  
  
“Yes. And all of me adores you.”  
  
The two shared a loving embrace, Femur’s fleshless face smiling as well as all of Collectus’ maws. Dopel blinked, “well… um… that was not what I was expecting, but it was beautiful nonetheless. See! See what happens when we reveal the truth to each other!”  
  
Chainston Pauldron sighed and opened their visor, revealing an empty space, “I’m enchanted armor. There is nothing to hide because that’s all there is to me. I’m a hollow shell.”  
  
Dulles opened their visor to reveal nothing as well, “I have no head. Finding a group where we all wore armor was a godsend. I could finally hide what I despised about myself.”  
  
Chainston shook his helmet, “no! Never be ashamed of who you are, Dulles. You are worth twice as much as any headless person out there.”  
  
“You mean that?”  
  
“Completely.”  
  
Dopel morphed their form into a featureless humanoid with purple skin, “I’m a doppelganger…”  
  
Femur had no eyelids, but if he did, he surely would have blinked, “so you weren’t actually wearing armor this whole time?”  
  
“Yeah, what does it matter?” Dopel asked.  
  
Chainston sighed, “it means everything. We thought you were one of us.”  
  
Dopel gulped, “what do you mean? I am one of you.”  
  
Collectus shook their head, “no. You can fit in wherever you want, we could only belong in this group.”  
  
Dopel studdered, “b-but we’re a team. W-we stick together!”  
  
“You lied to us,” Dulles said.  
  
Dopel groaned, “seriously? All of you were lying too!”  
  
“Because we had to!” they all said in unison.  
  
Dopel slouched and huffed. Yet another group where they let their true nature slip. They shrugged, gripping their bags and heading off. They’d find another group to join, they always did.