Someone once said, "The best way to destroy an enemy, is to make them a friend." They lacked imagination, and death rays. Which would be a lot easier than the conversation I was about to have now. I looked down at the article on my phone, a picture of my nemesis run through some 'crying baby' filter, and the headline read, "'Mettle'? More like 'Cardboard'." I grimaced; even under the best of circumstances, I wouldn't be able to enjoy this. That headline wasn't even clever. There were plenty of better insults out there.

"Mr Knile will make an announcement now, and then there will be time to answer some of your questions." A voice boomed throughout the room as my assistant, David, gestured towards me. I fumbled with my phone as I tried to turn off the screen and put it in my pocket.
A small crowd had gathered outside the door, mostly reporters. David handed over the microphone, then he stepped back and gave me room to speak. 

"Thank you all for coming today. You've undoubtedly heard the recent news about one of our city's local heroes." Most of the people present nodded or murmured assent. "As many of you know, I have lost a relative to depression. It's a terrible disease that can make anyone feel alone, and out of place, and for superheroes, many of whom live double lives, it becomes a difficult problem  to deal with. This is why we're here today. I'm proud to announce the opening of a new facility to help superpowered beings ." I paused, hoping to gauge the crowd's reaction. The response was fairly positive. Some clapped, while others just sat in their chairs, but at these things that's practically a standing ovation. 

"We are going to start by offering counseling services, free of charge to superheroes, in costume and out, offering advice on how to cope with the stresses involved in being a hero, both physically and mentally. I believe it's time our city take care of its defenders when they find themselves in need." I glanced up at the clock on the back wall. This speech took a lot longer to write than it was to read aloud. I cleared my throat. "It looks like we have time for some questions."
I scanned the crowd for someone to call on. There was no shortage of journalists looking for sound bites, so most of the questions were going to focus on Mettle. I pointed to the reporter from the Haven's Gate newspaper. 

"Yes, Miss... Caleb was it?" it might be cheating to call on Mettle's girlfriend, but I've never been one to play fair.

"Caled, sir, thank you for joining us today. This announcement comes as a bit of a surprise, considering you've called Mettle a, 'threat to this city's well-being' on numerous occasions." She held her notepad tightly against herself. Her eyes were fixed on me. I shouldn't have expected her to give me an easy question.

"That's absolutely correct, Miss Caled, I haven't always seen eye to eye with Mettle when it comes to city affairs, and I don't think that's going to change any time soon. But he's still a member of this community, and he deserves whatever support we can offer him. I hope everyone understands that." There were nods of agreement from several other reporters, and she seemed satisfied with my answer. I called on a reporter from the Daily Vox next. 

"Mr Heyerdahl?"

"How do you plan to maintain confidentiality? Many of your patients will have secrets worth protecting." The man said with a confident air. 

"While I can't divulge specific details due to confidentiality agreements, I can assure you that the security measures in place ensure that information shared within these walls stays private. Many of our staff are superheroes who are also licensed therapists. We understand the importance of trust between therapist and patient, especially when dealing with sensitive issues."

"And how exactly does the city plan to fund this project?" The reporter asked.

"Knile Enterprises is committed to supporting the needs of our city's citizens, which includes providing full financial assistance for this clinic." 

Afterward, I spent another half hour fielding questions from the media. By the end of it, I felt drained, and wanted nothing more than to go home and sleep, but I still had someplace to be. 
***
I stood on the freezing rooftop, regretting several costume redesign choices. My boots were too tight, my pants were uncomfortable, and my gloves weren't keeping my hands warm enough. I'd have to find a way to deal with that later. I was just about to jump down when a familiar voice called out.

"You almost sounded genuine today."

I turned to see Mettle leaning against the roof access door. He wore his usual black bodysuit, with the hood pulled up.

"Gosh, I'll take that as a compliment." I smirked.

"This is a pretty nice setup you've got," he said, "superheroes from all over the city just lining up to spill their secrets."

"Are you implying that I did all of this for my own personal benefit?" I scoffed.

"You can't expect me to seriously consider going to a clinic run by you?" he shook his head.

"Oh, I know you'll be there. How else are you supposed to make sure I'm operating on the up-and-up?" I grinned.

He sighed. "I'll go. But only to keep tabs on this ridiculous operation."

"Thanks." I walked over to stand beside him. "So... you know I'm going to call you 'Cardboard' from now on, right?"