"I can't believe this, nope," the goddess sighed, desperately rubbing her face "This will not do. We have maybe a month to get everything in order before Velnara comes around, and kills everyone."

"But that's...what we called you for?" The grand sage offered the goddess a shrug, but the goddess stood. Ten feet tall, dressed in a hazmat suit and glowing an ethereal blue, she shook her head.

"No, you called *Velnara*, I promise you did," the goddess breathed in slowly, "But I am her daughter, Shaydra. I'm quite fond of you mortals, despite your stupidity, and if Velnara comes here, and sees this, she'll kill every last one of you."

"But that's what we wanted!" Cried the Left Hand, "We wanted everything and everyone to be wiped out! That's the point!"

Shaydra looked taken aback, she paled, and tears sprung to her eyes.

"You don't understand, do you?" Shaydra whispered, then the world around her went dark, stars forming over her shadowy skin and the glow around her frightening.

"You are special to me," Shaydra's voice rang in all directions, "I made you, to fill the world that my mother had made. She loves pretty flowers and gentle creatures, but *you are* **mine**. Chaotic though you may be, I love to watch you succeed, little gods over the world she gave you. And you want me to let you die?"

The grand sage hadn't expected this, and doubtlessly anyone else in the cult had, that Shaydra's otherworldly beauty and power would overwhelm everyone with sadness, the same sadness she felt, as the vision faded, and her form shrunk.

"I'm sorry I had to leave you, so long ago," Shaydra sobbed, "Is this my punishment for going with Velnara, instead of staying here?" 

The Right Hand stepped forward, and in her elder arms, she embraced the goddess.

"If you still wish it, I will let you perish peacefully," Shaydra wiped her tears, "But I want to help you. I'm sorry I left you, please, let me help you rebuild this world."

Shaydra couldn't control nature, she was unable to manipulate the grass of the groves, or the fish in the waters, or the birds of the air. She was, however, well equipped to deal with disease, and the man-made poisons that had gripped the planet tirelessly. She pulled from the deeps the rusted irons of ships long since sunk, and from the stars above she tore down defunct star-seekers and relays. From the earth she tore out metals and plastics and from humans, she pulled out their impurities.

It had taken a month long effort, globally, to prepare the world for Velnara's coming. Shaydra stood at the door, through which she had reached this world, and watched as her mother came through. Her mother was a being, shrouded by a long, grey silk cloak, her face unable to be seen from its shadows.

"Mother," Shaydra bowed, "Shall we have a wander?"

The being took to Shaydra's side, and walked with her, viewing the highest mountain tops, to the lowest abyss, and all over the grasslands and through the forests. Up into the cities, and down the valleys, over the waters and into the stars. She saw it was wonderful.

When Shaydra had run out of things to show her mother, her mother pondered in silence, Shaydra waiting for her words.

"Tell me, child," Velnara whispered, "Do they love you, or fear you?" 

"I think," Shaydra began, but her mother silenced her. 

"Do not worry, little Shaydra. I must go home now, stay here perhaps, and learn for yourself, why I took you away so long ago."

There was a fizzle, and a pop, and Velnara was gone, Shaydra alone in her human form, to Think.