You know, it's been hard living under the rule of the great demon king. The lands are desolate and barely suitable for farming but at least I was able to forage fruits in the nearby forest and sell them for good money. But for some strange reason, strange people have been selling me random stuff and treating me as some sort of stall who pay them to recycle some garbage. I understand that nobody wants an Orclord Loincloth since it's just tiger-striped underwear, but why would you sell me a cursed sword???  


Unfortunately, it looks like they didn't have any money so I had to accept since I feel really bad for them.  


Still, having this steady flow of weird people going in and out of the city seems like they're doing pretty good, despite some having bad financial decisions. I can't help but wonder if I should try adventuring myself.  


"Here you go. 40 Gold for this uh... Blank Tome I guess?" I said as I handed the money and took the book. It was weird, to be honest. All the pages were blank and the cover seems to be made of some sort of light purple leather with stitches all over it. A bit curious, I tried to feel out the book and it was honestly had a nice texture. That is until I accidentally pulled on the thread and the leather cover became undone. I tried my best to cover it up again before I realize what was underneath the leather cover, something made of metal which wasn't as obvious because there was layers and layers of leather over it and it wasn't too thick either.   


Again, I was curious to explore the book until I accidentally got myself a cut on the edges of the metal cover. Drops of my blood seeped through the pages and ran down the cover and I felt like I ruined the book. But then the cover started to shine and flesh and bone sprouted out from the tome as if it was a flower and strange threads made of blood struck out and attached themselves to me.  


A strange yet somewhat horrifying feeling washed over me as the book started to pull my hand over towards it and I struggled hard to get away. Yet I was only but a lowly shopkeeper with the strength incomparable to most. So my hand ended up touching the pages as the book clamped shut on my hand.  


I would like to say it was painful but I didn't feel anything at all. And that sent chills down to my bone because I thought that I lost my hand at that very moment.   


It was then the book started to mysterious turn somewhat amorphous as it seemingly tries to merge with my body, with me panicking so hard that I started bashing it onto the ground as I cried out for help. Yet my screams were absent as the threads from the book wrapped around my face completely shut with the book itself seemingly trying to devour me whole. I slowly faded to black, feeling as if I was consumed by the book itself and a faint laughter echoed through my head.  


After what felt like hours, days, or maybe even weeks, I came to find myself on the ground with my stall laid out and the sun rising from the horizon. It was like everything that happened was a nightmare and everything was back to normal. Except for the fact I somehow gained some eerily strange tattoos all over my body with a single page in my hand. On it was an illustration of a figure covered in symbols with something above it, a language that I was incredibly unfamiliar with.   


The sound of footsteps entered my ears as I began to panic, trying to find myself a long-sleeved tunic to cover up the symbols with a cloak as well. With my entire figure covered, these strange people walked up to my stall and I went on my usual routine.  


"Welcome to the Collector's Fruits of Labour. How may I help you?"