So it was my first day on the job, see. I had heard about how slippery people’s mouths got with a beer in their hand and a down-to-earth bartender to talk to, see. Turns out, their mouths were much slippery than expected.  
  
It had only been an hour on the job when a man walked up to the counter and sighed in my direction, “hey bartender. You know how there are those drug dealings going in the slums?”  
  
I blew a puff of air, “of course, who doesn’t? It’s all over the news, ain’t it?”  
  
They nodded, “you’re right, you’re right. It’s just, sometimes good people get caught up in that sort of stuff.”  
  
“I hear you. My friend had a cousin who got stuck with the wrong crowd, see. Fortunately, they’re still young, they can get off with a slap on the back and pointed in the right direction.”  
  
“I know, I know, I just… I don’t want to be a snitch, see?”  
  
“I see. So you know someone in that crowd.”  
  
“Yeah, my nephew. I tried to confront him about it…”  
  
“Ah, kids… so headstrong.”  
  
“I love the boy too, he reminds me of me when I was young, see.”  
  
“Does he tell anyone where his deals go down?”  
  
“He tells Billy, his brother. Billy and he are close, he wouldn’t spill anything.”  
  
“If you can figure that out, give an anonymous tip to the police to hit the site and a tip to Billy to warn your nephew. He’ll see that if it weren’t for sheer luck, he’d be caught too, that should turn him around.”  
  
“You know, that just might work! Thanks, bartender. You made my day seem a whole lot less rainy.”  
  
“Happy to help, and no need to pay for that drink. It’s on me.”  
  
I probably could have gotten him to put the kid in danger, but he didn’t deserve to get caught up in this. The cops would pull off the drug bust and that was enough for me. It’s crazy how much they confided in me. But confidentiality came with its own troubles. As a cop, having to make the tough decisions meant it was best to stay impartial. Enemies were merely blurred faces, it made pulling the trigger easy. When I knew the story behind them, sometimes it makes me wonder if I’m really doing the right thing.