It was the classic hero vs villain above the tall buildings of Baysville. The boos from down below started to increase as the crowd grew larger. Dynamite noticed something about it however. They weren’t jeering at her, they were booing Insectoid. His guard was starting to lower slightly but he quickly picked it back up.
  Dynamite also noticed something glinting as the sunlight shone through the lenses of Insectoid’s mask. A tear. Dynamite knew pain when she saw it and this was the worst kind, she had enough.
   “Listen here you ungrateful brats!” She flashed into a rage as her voice carried through the beach side metropolis combined with enough kinetic energy to shatter the glass of every building in the block. The crowd screamed with terror mixed with pleas to Insectoid for salvation.  
   Dynamite descended to street level, “You people are the absolute worst!” Dynamite continued her verbal onslaught, “You undeserving bastards have done nothing but winge and complain towards the man who has done nothing more than protect you and has sacrificed everything to keep your sorry hides from being evaporated. This whole month I’ve seen nothing but criticism from you ungrateful bastards. Not only you, but from blow hard news anchors and brain dead talk show hosts who provide nothing but mindless opinions about how he should do his job better from people who have never even seen confrontation at his level. Remember last week when he stopped that meteor from crashing into Baysville? With his bare hands?! All you did was bitch about how it ruined your Labor Day weekend. Or how about when he defeated the Giant Monkey Man from the Fifth Dimension? You complained about how it disrupted traffic because he knocked him out and that primate fell into the highway. Monkey Man already ate most of the bridge beforehand. Oh here’s a good one, how about when he ‘ruined Christmas’ last year when he stopped Negative Santa from poisoning all your badass kids with tainted toys? You don’t because you don’t care. You don’t care because it inconveniences you that he saved your collective lives time and time again. What’s the point with any of you? You don’t care if he existed but you love acting like you do when you need him the most. You shouldn’t be hating him, you should be despising me for killing you all but at this point I’m doing him a favor. I’ve known this guy for a long time. A very long time. Before the bug powers. He’s sensitive about his self worth, he wants to do the right thing, he just wants to do his best and when he does, all you do is criticize, complain, and whine.  Why else do you think he dons the costume of a hero? He wants to do good because that’s all he wanted to be, a good person. A hero,” she ascended back into height of the high rises, “I can’t even look at you subhumans anymore,” she spat down at them, and turned towards Insectoid who was trying to hold back his emotions, not letting his throat squeeze tighter. 
   “I’m out, I quit. This is not worth my time anymore. I’ll see you around, Boyd.” She flew away into the the sunset. 
  Insectoid was upset but relieved that somebody expressed how he felt. She understood what was going on. It bothered him that she knew his name however. Then it donned on him.
  “Diana?” Insectoid scratched his head.
 He finally descended to street level and stared at the crowd for a moment. A heavy silence befell upon them. He stared for a long second, he flipped them off and went home. She was right, it wasn’t worth his time.