I tackled him outside of Count William’s house. He had all of the usual things we had covered in training; garlic, a few stakes, some holy symbols. The garlic was a myth, but the rest worked. I had to stop him from making a big mistake.

“Ow— what the hell, man?” He grumbled. “This is private. Go away.” He paused a moment before pointing at my badge. “You from the government? You gotta tell me if you’re from the government.”

My badge had three letters on it: “SPA.” Stood for Supernatural Protection Agency. Not all of them need protecting, but we have to protect those who decide to engage them, too. They don’t know any better.

“Fine. I’m agent Jack Harrison. You’re making a mistake. Let’s just sit down for a moment and discuss this.”

We had been trained to say that, too. Really, this was my first mission, and it showed. I should have never let him get as far as he did.

“To hell with discussion,” dismissed the man. “There’s a vampire in there, and I’m killing him. I don’t care if you think I’m crazy.”

“You’re completely correct that there’s a vampire there. I have to give you that. Most people don’t make it this point. However, you’re wrong about needing to kill them.”

He blinked at me, confused. “Why? Vampires kill or turn other people for blood. I’m doing the world a favor.”

“They used to. Not anymore.” I shook my head. “What’s your name?”

“…I’m Adam. Adam Gonzales.”

“What do you do, Adam?”

“I sell insurance.”

“Mhm. And how did you figure out that William is a vampire?”

“I was at a bookstore, and… well, his clothing was weird. Like it was from the 15th century or something, man. I saw him drinking something red. It was definitely blood. So I followed him home, and he seemed, like, sluggish in the sunlight, but fine in the shade! That’s totally vampire behavior!”

They were supposed to be more discreet with blood consumption. No use dwelling on it, though. “That’s… stalker behavior, Adam. Anyway, why do you think he was working at the bookstore?”

“Looking for targets?”

I looked at him doubtfully. “At the book store?”

“Well, why else would he be there?”

“Vampires need blood, that’s true. We get them that blood through relatively innocent means. But that only satisfies their thirst. They still gotta eat and sleep. They need a home. They need to entertain themselves. Did it ever occur to you that he might be, I don’t know, *working*?”

“…No, it didn’t.”

“It isn’t easy being born in the 1300s and having to adjust to life in 2022 Michigan. But he manages. There are many like you. They are well intentioned, but they simply end up making life harder for these vampires and werewolves to survive.” 

“*And werewolves?*” 

Damn. Amateur mistake. Oh well, he would have found out soon enough. “Yes, werewolves. They aren’t a threat, either. Top scientists have developed medication for the condition. But back to my last point… none of these people chose to be turned, you know. We have to help them out.”

 “I guess I get your point, but what if they want more blood?”

 I shrugged. “We provide them enough for their needs. If they go rogue, we take care of it. If we somehow don’t, go wild. Hunt them. But William has done nothing wrong.”

“…Am I in trouble?”

“No, Adam, not right now. Just go back and keep what I said in your mind.”

After some hesitation, the man dropped his supplies and left. I knocked on the door of the house.

“SPA! You’re safe, you can come outside!”

The vampire exited the building and smiled. “I always appreciate your protection. Thank you.”

He started walking, no doubt to go to work for the day, and I made my exit as well. There’s a lot about this world that’s overwhelming. But if I can tell the truth and save even one person, it’s all worth it for me. I, too, smiled as Count William’s one-story house grew farther and farther away. Its smallness was a sign that he was certainly not rich, but hey. They were all trying their best.