Everyone got 10 Energy, symbolized by their fingers. Once a person reached the age of 25 and their brain finished developing, everyone received a vision detailing their ability, it’s cost, and it’s cooldown time. Generally the power of an ability would scale with it’s cooldown time and energy cost. An ability that required 1 energy and recharged in 1 minute might be teleportation within a 5ft radius to a spot that you can see, like my cousin Phil. He might only be able to cover 50ft a day and take 11 minutes to do so, but once he started playing football: no one could tackle him.

Meanwhile the big-shot Raines family was known for their 10 energy, once a day weather manipulation ability which somehow graced every firstborn son in their family. Making natural disasters and global warming a thing of the past… when they feel like it.

My family had a pretty average, utilitarian 5 energy ability we called Sunnyside: for 8 hours a day per use, we were filled with a calm and reassuring motivation. An instant cure for anxiety, depression, and a multitude of other common mood disorders. Until I was born. Without arms. Technically I had one finger. Sort of a thumb sticking out of my shoulder, but even that was cartilaginous. This power phenomenon was about 50 years old by the time I was born and such birth defects had thought to have been eliminated in that time, since there were no longer any records of them. 

Naturally everyone assumed that if the powers were tied to fingers, then no fingers meant no power. You can imagine everyone’s surprise, then, when I received my vision of Hivemind. I could control one insect smaller than my thumb for one second. No energy cost. No cooldown time. So naturally I found an ant queen as soon as possible. Once I had control of her, I commanded the ants to attach themselves to my shoulder stumps and form chains. Then connect and organize those chains until they formed new arms. And because I could control them with my mind: the finally worked like real arms. 

I wonder what else I could do…?