The remaining cultists ran away when seeing me charge another lightning bolt. 

I thought I'd have to fight more of them, considering my luck during this quest, but they quickly realized how much I out-leveled them after my first spell disintegrated over a dozen people. 

All that remained was searching the abandoned temple for that stupid cat. I couldn't believe I had finally cornered it. My excitement couldn't be contained. I was probably more motivated to finish this mission than when I defeated the dark lord himself.

This quest had taken me close to a year to finish. It took me all the way across the continent.  I fought ogres that held the cat hostage, only to have the feline run away. Then it got adopted by an evil pirate crew, who fought to the last breath in order to protect it, and then, when I finally got my hands on the kitten, a hurricane struck our boat and left me shipwrecked on a remote land where minions of the dark lord still survived. All of them wanted me dead since I killed their boss. 

And, of course, the kitten was nowhere to be seen when I woke up.

This was all my fault, though. If I had done the quest as soon as I accepted it, the cat wouldn't have strayed this far from its home. I didn't even know why I kept going. The reward wasn't noteworthy to someone of my caliber, nor would anyone important really mind if the cat stayed lost forever. 

Not even the farmer was too bothered by it. 

Most people would've given up by now. Perhaps I didn't want anyone doubting my heroism, or I was too stubborn to give up on a low level quest, or maybe I just needed a distraction after entering early retirement. Either way, I couldn't wait to be done with this journey. Never again would I search for lost pets. I think I'd rather fight a dragon instead.

Finally, after navigating through the overgrown vines of the abandoned temple, I stumbled upon a huge oval-shaped room with a big fire pit in the middle. A dark hooded figure stood on a ledge over it, cackling with manic laughter as the flames rose higher than his lofty stature.

"You arrive, hero! I waited for this for a long time! The dark lord will be avenged, and everyone will remember my name!"

"I don't even know who you are..."

"Of course, where are my manners?" The figure pulled back their cowl, revealing himself to be an elf. "Surely you recognize me now, right?"

I narrowed my eyes, failing to identify him.

"You must be wondering how I'm still alive, you see-"

"No," I interrupted, "I really don't care. I don't even know who you are."

"It's Vulen!" shouted the elf. "Claw of the Dark Lord! Y-you literally ruined my life! How could you forget?"

I shrugged.

Vulen blinked a few times, stupefied. He acted like he had just been slapped in the face. "We literally fought to the death. You invaded my lord's keep and I almost killed you."

"That doesn't narrow it down in the slightest."

Vulen paused for a moment. "I... I think I get it, you're just pretending you don't remember to get in my head. Well it won't work, hero! I'm far too wise for that!"

I rolled my eyes. There wasn't time for this. I started charging up a lightning bolt only to see the cat purring next to the elf's leg. 

"Surely," said Vulen, "you've realized by now that I'm the one behind all this. I've been guiding this cat all across New Gaia ever since I realized you were looking for it. And it all led to this moment! My sweet vindication!"

I sighed. Throwing a lightning bolt would also fry the cat. 

Vulen grabbed the animal by the scruff of its neck and dangled it over the fire pit. "Since you value this creature so much, the pain caused by its sacrifice will bring back the Dark Lord in all his glory!"

I didn't know what to do. After all the effort I went through, I couldn't bring myself to kill the cat, even if it was the right choice. I'd rather fight the dark lord again.

Just as Vulen was about to let go, the cat bit his finger and crawled inside his robe. The elf couldn't fight back. The cat kept scratching him all over until Vulen stumbled and fell into the fire pit. 

I wanted to die, assuming the cat fell along with him, but then saw the kitten purring innocently on the ledge. Perfect. I just needed to slowly approach it and hope it didn't run away again. As soon as I stepped onto the ledge, however, the cat widened its big blue eyes. 

"Please," I begged, "don't."

The cat simply meowed. 

"Seriously, I can't take more of this."

The cat tilted its head, confused.

I took a step closer.

The cat didn't flinch. 

Good. I took another step, more confident than the last. Nothing would stop me this time. I quietly grabbed the cat and looked over my shoulder, hoping nobody would screw me over. Everything seemed clear. 

And then the ground started quaking. 

The cat looked at me for an answer. I hung my head, defeated. What now?

A gigantic purple demon jumped out of the fire pit.

It appeared Vulen had transformed into a monster by the ritual he created. The demon wasn't just trying to kill me. It also wanted revenge on the cat. What followed was probably the hardest battle of my life, not just because of the demon's strength, but because I had to keep the cat close to me so that it wouldn't escape. 

The fight lasted close to twelve hours. I used all of my spells, all of my potions, and broke my enchanted sword, but I emerged victorious in the end. That didn't mean I succeeded, though. My wounds were too great to simply leave the temple. With each step I took, I felt my consciousness slipping away, until I fell on my face, too exhausted to stand up. 

The cat meowed in front of me. 

"No..." I mumbled. "Not again..."

The cat was pure evil. This cursed creature would force me to keep hunting it. I was sure of it. All throughout this journey, I had seen it cozy up to the strongest person it could find, taking advantage of their power before abandoning them when it wasn't convenient anymore. It would definitely do the same to me. As I closed my eyes, I found myself oddly at peace with that. 

I wouldn't keep chasing it. If it wanted to be free that much, then let it. The only reason I hunted it was because I was too proud to admit that something was beyond my skills. This wasn't the case anymore. Following that path would just lead me to the same place Vulen ended at. 

Once I woke up, I didn't even try to look for the cat. I limped my way out of the temple, ready to go back home empty handed, only to see the cute little fella waiting for me at the entrance. Nothing made me happier than this moment. Still, despite how good it felt to finally return it home, I swore to myself that, for the rest of my life, I would forever be a dog person.

----------

&gt;If you enjoyed this, check out more of my stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories. Thanks for reading!