We were sitting down on a muddy forest floor trees surrounded us like a big tent. With heavy eyes and aching bones our troops awaited the commander to return from base. It was dark and no one was saying a word, the silence seemed to fill the air. Every branch crushed was heard from 25 feet away, every leaf that rustled on the ground seemed to bring a heavy disturbance in the air. More then half our platoon was killed by ASS, our position compromised, and moral was low. All that was left were 4 of us. That's right, only 4. How the fuck were we going to get out of this one? No one moved a muscle.

Suddenly, a light appeared in the distance. Quickly, from our slumber and loathing each lasting member got into a defensive position trying to get the best opportunistic maneuver for the approaching mark. 

One on the sandbags, two on front side, and last was me on the far side position. Was it an enemy to finally finish us off? Was it the commander? We'll find out in two seconds I suppose.

The person approached closer and closer, the light was bouncing off the fog making it difficult to distinguish how far they really were.

I had to confirm whether the target was an enemy or not, "State your name, Do not approach! State your name!" I repeated 3 times.

All we heard were croaks from the forest.

"We will open fire! Do not approach!"

Croaks again.

I fired a warning shot.

Then, finally someone spoke.

"Stop your firing, this is commander Jax! Do not shot, we are friendly!"

Commander Jax, finally, he came back with reinforcements. 

We all got up in relief looking at each other with some relief, fist bumping each other. We could hopefully make some ground off this and get back some territory. 

But what we saw next was not going to be our saving grace.

Commander Jax hopped over the sandbags. But what was behind him was not what we were expecting. He said he would return with at least 3 platoons and 1 heavy weapon platoon. That would have guaranteed us victory.

An 8 foot tall green frog looking ass mother fucker stood behind him. He was wearing dark metal armor with a fucking giant sword on his back. How the hell is sword going to help against plasma rifles, hell let alone his metal armor. The plasma bullets are going to go right through him and how the hell is one frog equal to 3 fucking platoons!? 

We're so fucked.

"What the fuck are you supposed to be?" I demanded, staring at the frog, looking him up and down.

croak.

The frog can't even speak English.

Great heaven lords, please, we are going to need your grace to get out of this alive.

"This. Is Krage. He is a bipedal frog. He's served in 2 battles. The battle of York town and the Bridge of Ghosts. That's right. The Bridge of Ghosts."

The commander spoke, "He is the only survivor and sole soldier who took down the nippits and obtained victory for us at the Bridge of Ghosts."

"He is our backup."

Krage postured up. Grabbed his sword handle with one hand. Unsheathed the sword and aimed it in the air.

He swung the sword in what seemed like he was swinging a car. The wind nearly knocked us off all of our feet. The fog all around us shifted away and the mud seemed to point in the opposite direction of Krages position in a circle. 

A few moments passed.

Then all of a sudden in a there was a thunderous sound as a large radius of at least over 50 trees tipped and fell down. 

Holy shit.

This frog wasn't just going to win us back the territory our platoon lost in this area.

He was going to win us the war.