I sat in my chair, hot cocoa in hand as I leaned back and watched the rain pitter-patter on the window, the raindrops race each other down the glass pane. The sun has long since set, and a low fog had poured in, covering the ground. Giving the forest a scenic eerie vibe.

Unfortunately, all was ruined when I saw a silhouette outside, I sighed, taking one last swig of my blessed coco, before removing the warm woollen blanket from my shoulders and folding it neatly on my chair, If they were going to bother me at this hour they could wait. Grabbing my rain jacket I shrugged it on and stepped outside. 

"It's a little late for visitors, got lost? I'd be happy to help give you directions back to town" I tried to sound friendly, In hopes, it was just some lost tourist.

"Nightshade, In the name of The League of Heros, I, Striker, am here to take you in, come along quietly and no one needs to get hurt"

I struggled to keep in my laughter, It had honestly been a while since someone tried to take me in 'nicely' "Alright, listen, kid, I'm really not in the mood to play games with you, so how about you just run on back to your League and leave me be, I've don't nothing wrong, I just want to be left alone."

Next thing I knew 'Striker' had sped towards me at inhuman speed and was face to face with me in the blink of an eye. He tried to take this opportunity to get a good hit on me, thinking he had caught me off guard.
I caught his fist easily and held it in a vice grip "Not bad, Kid, but your not the first Hero who tried to take me"

It took me off guard when he gave me a grin, and chuckled "Oh but I will be taking you", before I could realise what he was doing, small volts of electricity flickered around him, flowing to his fist before I could pull away, a shock of electricity coursed through my body and I dropped to the ground.

I groaned as Striker kicked me onto my back "wow, super speed and you got some electricity shit going on, lucky" as they picked me up by my collar It was my turn to grin "Two powers huh? that is some luck, unfortunately, it's not going to be enough"

The darkness around us shifted, the shadows formed into solid tendrils as they wrapped around Striker's arms and legs. Easily I pulled out of their grip as I commanded the shadows to pull them to their knees and bound their arms behind their back.

Stepping back I brushed myself off before holding out my hand, showing off the small volts fo electricity dancing around my fingers

Striker looked up in confusion "Bu- Wha- HOW?!?!"

"You were lucky to be born with two powers, however, it seems I was given the gift of collecting powers, all I half to do is come in contact with its wielder. Oh don't look so afraid, I don't TAKE your power, I just... copy it"

There was a moment of silence, as Striker knelt in the mud, defeated, their hair slick with rain. They just stared down at the ground, questioning what to do next, or what was going to happen to them. It was too cold for both of us to be out here.  

"If I let you go, can you not attack me?"

They looked up at me, confused "what?"

"If I let you go-"

"no, no I hear you, but... are you not going to kill me? You're a villain!"

"So I've heard," I say as I roll my eyes, waving my hand to dissolve the shadows  "It's cold and wet, come inside and dry off so we can talk"

I walked back into my cabin, they didn't seem to follow me at first, but by the time I had collected some towels from the cupboard, they stood awkwardly in the doorway. I chuck a towel at them, which they catch.
"Hurry up and close the door, you're letting the cold in, do you prefer cocoa or tea?"

Hesitantly they shuffled in closing the door with their foot, and began drying off their hair "You...you wouldn't happen to have coffee?"

Wordlessly I put the kettle on the stove to boil and moved to my bedroom, returning soon with two changes of clothing. Striker was still standing by the door, seemingly unsure of what to do.

"Here, go through that door and get changed, staying in that wet suit won't do you any good"

Silently they took the clothes and headed to the bathroom I pointed out. Using this time I returned to my bedroom to dry off and get changed as well, by the time I came out Striker was still in the bathroom. I figured I'd give him his space now and clean up the puddles on the floor.

Ten minutes had passed before Striker returned from the bathroom, sporting the red shirt and grey sweatpants I have them. Ironically the top I gave them had a lightning bolt on it. I gesture to the seat across from me and slide them their cup of coffee.

We sat for a few minutes, drinking our drinks, slowly they relaxed, hands curled around their cup, soaking in the heat. Leaning forward I put on my best smile and reached out a had 
"Ash Turble"

They reached out in return shaking my hand
"Iris... Iris Melody"

"It's been a while since a hero has actually taken up my offer of a conversation, can I ask what stories have the come up about be?"

"Uhm, well. They told me you were working with MegaBolts and were working behind the scenes in a bank heist."

I scoffed shaking my head, "You want to know what I really did? I said no, They told me to join The League, and I told them no. I guess they saw me as too powerful to let go, or they're just not used to being told no and decided to ruin my life out of pure spite."

"But...even if that is true...Why did you say no?! You were given an amazing power, Why would you not want to use that to benefit the citizens of Darmias!"

"Because I owed them nothing! I didn't realise my power till I was in my thirties, before my powers, the city didn't give one shit about me.  I didn't go to school because I had to work so my mother could afford her medication, I tried going to the council I tried asking for help, but they all just turned me away." As I talked My voice slowly got cold and bitter  "When my mother died she made me promise her I would live for myself. The city had plenty of heroes to 'save the day' that just wasn't me"

"I'm sorry, I didn't realise"

I took a few moments to calm myself, before finishing my tea, "Just leave, and tell you, League, to stop sending Heroes after me, surely they have actual villains to deal with.

They didn't move, for a long minute, what they said next surprised me "Let me stay and help"

"What?"

"Let me sta-"

"No, no I heard you, but what?"

"I joined out of obligation as well, I never really thought I had a choice. Let me stay here, and help you with other heroes that come"

"...You do realise they'll cast you as a villain as well, and make up some story about how I corrupted you, right?"

"I'm fine with that, we can just explain to the other heroes who come... Unless, you uh, don't want me here, I'll leave if you want me to..."

I think for a moment before giving a smirk "Youll half to sleep on the couch for a few nights till I make your bedroom"

They smiled in return "I think I can manage that"