“It never gets easy, ya know. The whole death thing…”

I sat in my dingy office on the corner of 50th and none of your business, smokin my Last Cigarette. “You’ll kill yourself with those, those Death Sticks!” My mother’s voice rings in my ears. Clear as day; never mind that the alcohol drowned her years ago. Obviously she’s not actually talking to me, she’s dead… and I wouldn’t raise her if you paid me all the money in the world, no sir. 

The phone rings, bringing me out of my reverie. And now instead of debating the philosophy of life and death as I slowly murder myself by asphyxiation, I now debate the finer points of answering the phone. It rings twice more as I vacillate between my options, before I remember that as much as I deal with death. I kinda like living, and getting paid.  It rings again while I start betting against myself whether it was a cop, or a lawyer. 

“Deaths Door Private Detective Agency, we’re just dying to serve you. What can I do for ya?”
“Hey Vic, it’s Carl. We need you down at the station.” My luck, I lost my own bet.
 
“Carl.” My throat feels raw and scratchy, “What is it this time?”

“We got a body for you.” His nasally voice belying the large actual detective on the other line. “You’re gonna want to see this one.” 

“Awe, how sweet. I bet you say that to all the guys,” I say dryly, as I wonder how I got to be so funny.

“Hm,” Actual Detective Carl mutters, ignoring my comedy genius. “Well, get down here soon as you can. Be seeing you,” he hangs up before I can drop another quality line on him. I should do a comedy club some time. I think I could really do well, after all, I’m really good at being the life of the party.

I stubbed out my cigarette as I got up from my rickety old chair, it creaked in protest as I walked across the room to grab my coat and hat. I stared for a minute at the back of the frosted square of glass in my door. The peeling gold letters glinting through faintly from the dim hall light. I steeled myself as I stepped out of the office, headed down 13 flights to the floor, and out into the pouring rain of the metropolis. 
Rains a good sign, very ominous. Foreboding. All we need is—a crack of thunder split the sky. Ah, there it is. I pull my coat tighter to my thin frame as I walk down 50th to the precinct. It’s good thing I’m not too far, no way I’m getting a taxi in this weather. Ever since I raised the OJ incident, people typically recognize me enough to avoid me. To be honest, it’s what I prefer. Im not what ya call, a social butterfly. There’s a reason I raise the dead for a livin… they don’t talk much beyond what you ask of them. 

By the time I get to the station, I’m as waterlogged as the mobster we pulled from the ocean a few weeks back. Kept starin at his feet, or would have if they weren’t covered in 12 cubic inches of concrete. Weird how the dead get so fixated on what killed them. 
Inside I drip dry as I sign in and let Martha know to start my time sheet. Down the hall and down a flight of stairs and we get to the morgue. Carl met me at the door. He looked at me and pointed at the no smoking sign. I looked down at my hand and realized I had another cigarette between my fingers. Huh. Must be performance jitters. Still gets me every time. I put out my smoke with a half shrug of an apathetic apology. “So what’s the corpse, Carl?” I ask as I brush past him to enter the morgue. A coroner, not Carl, answers my question.
 “Female, approximately 20 years of age. Pulled from Lake Waslo this morning after she washed up. Lacerations across the body. Marks on wrists and ankles consistent with being tied up with duct tape or adhesive bandages… neither of which were found in her person when she was discovered.”

“Hey Bernice,” I say to the coroner as I look down at the body on the slab. The cold wet of my bones aching in the chill temperatures of the morgue. She ignores me and looks at Carl.
“We really gonna do this again?”

Carl looks at her, “We gotta use what we got, Bea. I know you don’t like it, but we’re low on options here.”

“It’s disrespectful,” she huffs. 

“Hey, I’m still here,” I say without looking up. 
“And unfortunately, so am I,” Bernice throws me a look as she locks the door. 

I began setting up the table around the corpse.  Candles and my clay cups of sand, dirt, salt, and water. Bernice rolls over a cart to me and stomps away, huffily, but quieter than her normal demeanor. She might not like this, but she won’t interfere either. I can appreciate that. From the cart I pull a vial of blood, placing it in another clay cup. 

The thing about Death… is that it’s never easy. You would think that after all this time I wouldn’t feel like this. A roiling mess of nerves and tension, as the power bubbles up in me. A pin prick to my finger and my eyes turn white as I scribe my symbols in the air over the body. 
Opening the portal summons the freezing astral wind. My already aching bones feel like they’re at their snapping point. Carl starts to mutter, but Bernice shushes him. As I draw in the focus, my vision blurs, I see in double the body of the young woman, and her soul in twin repose hovering in the air above her. Sucking in the chill air of the astral plane, I twist the chord between her body and soul, and tie it to my own chord. A metaphysical jumper cable if you will. 
“Sit up, child,” I say as she begins to rise. “Tell me your story…”