It had been one of those weeks where you know you're in the lows before the highs. You are fully aware that a large number of things to be grateful for grace your life even when several things that are either out of your schedule or entirely out of your control are fighting against your true and enlightened nature of inner calm. You have your moments of brilliance and quiet victory but there is just too much going on. It's contrary to your nature, but you've been looking forward to having a quiet weekend staying in - thinking about getting your errands out of the way early, drawing all the curtains shut, and just letting your mind "hibernate" as well as your body. You're not particularly upset - just drained. You need an escape - not a vacation, but to shut yourself in and travel to a deeper state of being; to touch a subtle aspect of yourself that influences all your more apparent traits, abilities, and actions. You've been building up to this transformation for what feels like weeks, but really it's been months. You feel like all of time and space have been converging on this event.

You've got to pick up some milk and drop off an online purchase for a refund so you're at the local grocery. In the parking lot, someone has a popup shop set up. They do this from time to time - sometimes, things like handmade clothes or produce from a small farm. Today, it's a chic hippie setup with all the typical items of the subculture - crystals, incense, and cute T-shirts with zen sayings. They even have hot drinks like chai listed on a small tabletop blackboard. You go inside the store, do your thing, and on your way back to the car, you stop by at the popup shop to pick up a drink. That's when you notice something strange about the shopkeeper's clothing - what you thought were black leggings with glitter is actually an inky void filled with stars in the shape of legs. You are staring like you ought to when you see something impossible. You make eye contact with the shopkeeper. In the tiniest fraction of a moment, the sky turns a mystical twilight color all around you and the asphalt beneath you turns into shimmering marble. You are now floating in a completely white space on a circular platform with no sky or ground. Also, the shopkeeper has disappeared.

The writing on the blackboard rearranges itself into a message welcoming you. You are awestruck but quickly overcoming the disbelief with your situation. When you take a step closer, to the table, the blackboard shouts "Depressed? Anxious? Unhappy? . . . Why not become an amorphous entity and shirk the confines of time and space? Embrace your Eldritch Nature today!" Naturally, you step away. You turn around - like it's supposed to make all the impossible things around you vanish and bring you back to the "reality" of your tiresome week. Instead, it's like you've turned all the way around facing the table again. The blackboard shouts the same thing at you like you didn't hear it the first time. You turn around again, while this strange space rearranges itself around you with the table in front of you once more. This time, the blackboard says the same thing again but more quietly and with a rising intonation at the end like it's asking you a question ". . . Embrace your Eldritch Nature today?!"

You say, "Only if I can go back to normal whenever I choose."

You are now staring at yourself. You recognize that it's the image of yourself that you are perceiving, but you have no idea what you've become that's doing the perception. You are also staring at a blackboard on top of a table that's standing on a marble platform in an empty white space. There is a low, droning background tone that seems to be rising in pitch but never quite ascends the scale. Then, silence - and total darkness.

You are now getting back in your car, drink in hand. The sky is blue above you, and ground below is asphalt. You are filled with serenity and an unwavering hope that follows you for the rest of your mortal life. You sometimes try to think of what happened that day, but you realize that you've just momentarily forgotten that it's all still happening. You are a spiritual being having a physical experience.

edits: grammar and typos