Jake was pleased as punch with himself. He'd never actually brought someone home with him within hours of meeting them before. Yet alone two someone's! Looking back, perhaps this should have been his first warning to the obscene depravities that would be enacted upon him that night. But his heart full of pride and his member at attention, Jake swaggered forward to open the door of his home to these two lovely new friends.

"Don't mind the mess" Jake automatically intoned, though his apartment was as clean as it ever was, what he truly meant, if he had thought about it, was "I hope that you are comfortable with the same amount of general disarray as I am. 

"Not at all" Edwina, the petite redhead, replied. The buxom blonde Jackie laughed as she said "Yeah, trust me, my place is a lot messier than this".

"So, can I get either of you ladies a drink?" Jake asked, desperately trying to play it cool. Something had changed. He was nervous now. He thought that it was simply the social pressure of having two attractive strangers in his home, but it was more than that. Jake had a sudden and inexplicable sense of dread bloom through him. He felt his sphincter tighten as a thick pulse of dread shot through his guts, making him feel both nauseus and excited in some terrible entropic corner of his soul.

Jake realized he had been staring and stammering at the redheads eyes for the past thirty seconds when he finally said "...is everything ok?", but really wanting to know 'are you going to hurt me?'

Jackie laughed again, her once dulcet tenor taking on an unhinged affect. 

"Ok? You, don't think we're going to hurt you do you Jakey?

 Because, yeah...I guess we are" 

"But," chimed Edwina

 "We don't think you'll mind too much" laughing a small sensual snicker that juxtaposed the heavy movement of her hands to the corners of her dress.

Jake's mind was pounding like a bass drum and the painful throb of his traitor bodies erection pulsed to match. "No... please" he whimpered halfheartedly as the two creatures before him seemed to melt and change in the diaphanous shadows of the lamps. 

His mind and body both screamed to run but he stood there still and dumb, hypnotized by the creatures predatory eyes. He felt as the deer might feel; with the all too sudden realization that the story of the lights rushing towards him tells of his end. 

Fangs, delicate as syringes, sprang from the now gaping maw of Edwina, her jaw a distended mass of razors and hunger. 

Jackie, already of large stature, seemed to convulse slightly as her thick blonde mane of hair expanded and grew, claiming the totality of her body and leaving nothing but matted dirty blonde fur shading 300 pounds of hungry wolf. 

"Will it hurt" Jake said softly, his voice heavy but firm.

"Yes" they vocalised in unison, no longer able to speak words so much as hiss and growl ascent from their malformed mouths 

"...Good..."

FIN

Epilogue. And then he died. A lot...but like maybe in a terrible sexy way, like Hellraiser style but vamp and werewolf ladies. Yeah, that's it. And then Edwina and Jackie go see the New Bob's Burgers movie, just to top off the evening out.