"Why am I running?" Alex asked himself. Of all the triggers for lucid dreaming, this one had been his first and still his most reliable.

Despite the absurdity of the giant pink panther that couldn't possibly be real, he kept running. Until he decided it was a dream he always kept running. Why dull a perfectly good reflex after all?

The fact that his analogue watch showed him the same time each time he checked bothered him. If it were a dream then that should show random times at least once. But if it were real more than a few minutes should have passed by now.

"Ah f*ck it, pink panthers aren't real." Alex said while turning to face the abomination. Like everytime before, he knew the pink panther would disappear before him. He imagined a sailboat in a sandy cove, the lines running up to glistening white sails and started to spin 180 degrees when something smacked him. Hard.

His mind went blank from the blow so he didn't notice the long fall. Nor did he see what saved him. All he knew was this was not his sailboat. Actually, the disturbing blend of dollhouse plastic buildings painted in bright colors and steampunk gears along the outer walls and ceiling was something no one should ever have imagined.

Trying to distract himself from that he checked his watch. It still read 11:11.

*Be Careful What You Wish For* was set into the building in front of him. It was a horrendous yellow with a blue roof. Unlike every other building in sight, this one had the door open.

"Oye quit laligaggin round there. Get on wit it if yer gonna."

Alex looked from side to side but the street was empty. Far smaller than even a child, a little man stood with his head poking out of the doorway.

"Come on, I ad"nt got all day do I?"

Despite his fear of going in, being outside was far more uncomfortable. With a quick glance over his shoulder, Alex went inside.

"Good, now what er you doin ere."

"This is a weird dream. Did I take psychedelics and forget, are you my guide."

"Shite, it's a bloody ippie."

"Excuse me?" Alex asked, shocked by the little guide's behavior.

"Another dumb soul sold his soul to the spirit beyond."

"I didn't make any deals." Alex said, assuming the man thought he'd made a deal with a demon or something.

"Then what er you doin in the land beyond time?"

"Nothing, I went to sleep and then a pink panther hit the sh*t out of me and next thing I know." Alex was speaking quickly, his anxiety of this bizarre experience spilling forth.

"Easy, it in't that bad. Ya jus visitin as long as ya didn do anything stupid." The little man said, putting special emphasis on the last word. "I'm Remus an I'll be sharin me home wit ya."

"Oh thank goodness. I'm Alex. That's a relief since I was starting to think this was a dream I'd never wake from."

"Odd choice a words for an idle fear isn't it?"

"Oh, I've made that wish several times."

"And that would be something stupid wouldn it." The little man said as he pushed the door close. When he turned around he had a manic grin on his face. It made Alex nervous so he looked for other exits in case the man went crazy.

*Because It Might Come True* was written above the mantle. Right beside a clock that still read 11:11.

"Why it is nearly as stupid as going in a strangers house." The man lunged before he even finished speaking. Alex reacted a half-second to slow and the man, far faster than should be possible stabbed him in the side.

More a reflex than any training, Alex elbowed the little monster in the back of the head and then threw him as far as possible. Immediately he ran for the door. Thankfully it wasn't locked, but he didn't even have time to open it halfway before something sharp pierced his neck.

"What kind of f*cked up nightmare is this?" Alex wondered as he drifted off from pain. Before the world went dark he heard the hands on his watch move. Finally it was 11:12.

============

"That's why it belongs under your division. Look at those claw and fang marks. This is clearly paranormal sh*t." Agent John said.

"Probably a mountain lion." Even though neither of them could believe that, Agent Ruiz said it anyways.

"That snuck in, violently murdered someone without a struggle, and didn't even leave a tuft of fur."

"D*mnit John, you know we can't do anything about the Sandman. Maybe if he goes on another frenzy we'll use the Dreamweaver, but for now we'll keep redirecting him to people like this. If we're lucky one of them will figure it out."

r/AurumArgenteus