“So,” Detective Marlowe asked, eyeing the informant up and down from behind the silky thread of 
smoke swirling up from the filterless Lucky Strike dangling from his lips, “you knew Mr. Jackson, then?”

The man downed another shot – courtesy of the bar, of course – and looked up at Marlowe behind 
foggy, drunken eyes. A good informant, Marlowe knew, was a drunk informant. And this one was ready 
to spill his beans like a rusty old can shot point blank with a 44. “Yeah… yeah, I knew him. He –“

“Guys, guys, they just opened a Chick Fil A across the street from the bar,” the strong, tall man – one of 
the owners of the bar—burst in, interrupting the informant.

The lady whose job Marlowe had taken over for turned back from her table, flipping her long blonde hair 
as gracefully as a bird-of-paradise in flight. “What’s that, Mac?”

“There’s a Chick Fil A across the street from us!”

“So?” the short older man – whom Marlowe assumed was the one who financed the place – said, 
emerging from the back with the bearded janitor.

“So I’m thinking we go talk to them, let them know we are donating all our profits to them!”

“And why,” came a voice from the back of the bar, just as the other owner – a tall, slim man whose 
general detached demeanor always gave Marlowe the creeps – emerged, “would we give money to 
Chick Fil A?”

The first guy looked around. “Because they spread the word of God and support God-fearing charities 
and causes, of course. And that’s what Paddy’s pub is all about too.”

“That is absolutely not what Paddy’s is about.”

“No, not even close.”

“Yeah, that’s stupid, we’re not going to do that.”

“Guys,” Marlowe said, eyeing the informant – who could barely keep his eyes open. “Can this wait a bit? I’m in the middle of –"

“Shut up, new hire,” said the strong guy, stepping forward. “What do you mean, that’s not what we are 
about? Paddy’s is a Christian bar.”

“It very obviously is not.”

“Not even close.”

“You know who makes a mean fried chicken?” the short old man said. “That guy that hangs out under 
the bridge next to Cricket.”

“Yeah, I love that guy’s chicken!” said the janitor. “Let’s go there!”

“No, we’re not going to go there, because that is Crack Joe, and he sells crack, not chicken, Charlie.”

“I don’t think so.”

“No, he does, he has a cardboard sign that says ‘I sell crack.’ We’ve had this conversation before. You 
two have been eating crack.”

“That’s not what the sign says.”

“HOW WOULD YOU KNOW YOU CAN’T EVEN READ!”

“Dennis, calm down.”

“Sorry. Damn, I miss crack.”

“I know, I know.”

In front of Marlowe, the informant’s head was hanging low, and he was snoring. “Hey, dude, wake up,” 
he tried, nudging the man. “Who killed Mr. Jackson?”

“What’s this idiot doing?” the bird-like lady asked, pointing at Marlowe.

“It’s a noir crime solving thing, I don’t know. So, back to my idea, we go to Chick Fil A, we offer them 
our Bar Bible as a token of collaboration, then we –”

“Mac, again, we don’t have a bar bible, because we are not a Christian bar. Now, if you want to head 
over there so we can hit on God-fearing middle-aged Christian women I’m all for that, I just have to 
grab my Cardinal robes so –”

“Why do you have Cardinal robes, Dennis?”

“There’s a number of erotic situations and scenarios that require different religious garments, this is all 
in my biography, you guys don’t –”

“Guys, we’re not going there to hit on women! We’re going there to praise the Lord, who hates absolutely any 
sexual impulses we have. That’s why we push them down and pretend we are somebody else every 
waking moment of the day despite the excruciating pain!”

“I say we just head under the bridge and eat some nice crack.”

“Yeah, I’m down for that. Frank and I are going to eat crack, who's coming?!”

“ALL RIGHT, STOP!” Marlowe said, slamming the bar. “I am trying to solve a murder here! This 
gentleman was about to tell me who killed Mr. Jackson, which is the job YOU GUYS hired me to do! Now 
he’s passed out and by the time he wakes up he probably won’t even remember who did it, and it’s all 
because you guys can’t stop discussing Christian fast food, Cardinal robes and eating crack!”

The owners stopped talking at once and stared around at each other. “That’s right, we had the whole 
murder thing going with this guy, didn’t we?”

“Totally forgot we're the ones who hired him.”

“What do we do now?”

“I mean, do we still want a murder thing? Or are we now doing a Christian thing?”

“I say we do the crack thing.”

“Screw it, let’s do the crack thing!”

“A little too eager there, Dennis.”

“Sorry. You coming, detective guy?”

There was a long pause. Marlowe sighed, took a drag of his cigarette and said, “No… no, I don’t want to 
smoke crack with you assholes.”

“Well, we can’t just leave him here, he knows we’re smoking crack now. And he’s a private detective. If 
he’s not smoking with us he might go to the police.”

“So what do we do with him?”

The owners all looked around. Marlowe felt a chill in the air as their eyes converged on him.

*

*The gang murders a private detective*

*

/r/psycho_alpaca