Through the throng of people wearing party hats, two managed to squeeze their way out of the crowd. They approached the porch, looking up to the night sky, and instinctively inhaled deeply—breathing the cool, fresh air unsullied by sweat, alcohol, and sweaty people who have drank too much alcohol.

Belle’s hand reached towards her jeans, pulling out a dull silver cigarette case with her name emblazoned in serif font. She tapped it twice against her forearm, and flipped it open, before feeling a few enthusiastic taps on her shoulder.

“Belle!”

A small smile began to tug at Belle’s lips, turning around to look at Mia.

“Mia,” Belle said. “You look wonderful!”

Then, Belle took the time to properly behold her. A black dress hugged Mia like a second skin, a tightly-wrapped gift for Belle’s eyes. Sheer lace at the top of the neck evolved to full velvet downwards, ending just above her knees. Mia elected to dye the bottom half of her shoulder-length hair red, a fiery complement to her smooth skin.

“So do you,” Mia winked. “Going casual again this year, eh?”

Belle responded with a proper hit on Mia’s shoulder, who yelped in mock pain. The two burst in laughter, looking back towards the raging party.

“30 years,” Belle said. “I can’t believe it.”

“Look at us,” Mia said. “We made a childhood promise come true.”

“Teenage-hood,” Belle shook her head, spinning the cigarette case around in her hand instead of reaching in. “Wow. I’m almost scared to say it.”

Mia laughed, leaning back against the porch’s rail.

“Remember Peter?”

“Strand? You never forget the first person you invite to a two-person birthday party, in a quest to gather everybody with the same birthday,” Belle chuckled. “Think I saw him somewhere inside. Think he brought a plus-one?”

“I don’t think so. But I think he’s leaving with a plus-one,” Mia said. “Saw him getting real chummy with our newest guest. Clyde… Payton?”

“I think it’s Payton, yeah,” Belle nodded. “Ooh. Kinda poetic. The first and the last.”

“Not the first,” Mia said softly. “That title belongs to us. Always.”

“True,” Belle said.

“I see you are still using that case,” Mia pointed. “Strange little thing.”

“It’s not a strange little thing,” Belle protested, holding up the silver case. “It’s mine.”

“It’s a gift from me.”

“And so it’s mine,” Belle said, cradling and feeling the metal turning warm in her hands.

Mia reached her hand out gingerly, finger lighting tracing the name on the case as Belle held it on her palm, before looking up with those eyes that shone like diamonds in the sky.

“Think you’ll ever quit?”

“Don’t know,” Belle shrugged.

Mia let her hand trace up, slowly, now drawing circles on Belle’s wrist.

“Hmm,” Belle muttered.

Mia chuckled softly, letting the hand drop again. Belle pushed the case back into her pocket.

“There’s 30 people in there with the same birthdays, but feels like we’ve lost the spirit of the original a little,” Mia chuckled, in that musical, tinkling way that sounded so melodious. 

“Crazy how thirty people can feel like a thousand when you are wedged between them.”

“Maybe it’s time for a new tradition,” Mia said. “A new tradition for women who know what they want.”

“You know what you want?” Belle snorted, looking up towards the night sky, trying to ignore the bright layer of light that intruded into her vision from below.

“A little,” Mia said. “The two of us.”

Belle snapped her neck down, staring at Mia. She watched the smile form on Mia’s face, a radiant curve that practically glowed.

Mia held out her hand. Belle reached out, and grasped it, the contact so electrifying that she was sure she could feel jolts travelling down every bone in her body.

“It’s been a long time,” Belle whispered. “Just the two of us, next year?”

“Just the two of us,” Mia said. “Starting right now.”

“That… will be nice,” Belle said.

Their hands clasped together, ever tighter.

---

r/dexdrafts