I was sitting on the couch with a friend playing Mario Kart when I got the feeling. I put down the controller. "Sorry Chris, I'm getting summoned. See ya later!" And with a poof, I disappeared. Somebody had found my bottle. I wasn't physically housed in it, which was why I could still enjoy a somewhat normal life. But if somebody rubbed it, I was getting teleported over until he was done with his three wishes.

A man in his thirties stood in front of me. He looked surprised at me. Indeed, my appearances were not in the slightest as flashy as real genies do it. A glowing human standing on the floor often throws people off. "Are you the genie from the bottle? The one with the 3 wishes?" he asked me.

"Kinda," I replied. "My father was a genie, my mother not. While you indeed have three wishes, my type can only grant them halfway. I'd advise you to either keep it low or wish for something where partial completion does not matter."

"Well, if it isn't against the rules, I wish for you to kill my ex! That daughter of a b\*t\*h"

"It is actually not against the rules, but I have a feeling where this is going to end. Are you sure?" Over the years, I have learned to not feel guilty about the wishes I am used to. I can't control the exact result. I can't change people or stop them from ruining their lives if they throw my warnings in the wind.

"I am sure, grant it!" I snapped my fingers. "Done!"

"Where is she now?" he asked. "And what part of the wish was not granted?"

I shrugged my shoulders: "Unfortunately, I am not omniscient. You could wish to know."

He shook his head. "Nah, I'm not wasting wishes. Let's do my second wish instead. I wish, I wish ... ha. I wish to be the strongest man in the world!"

Once again, I tried to warn him. "Listen, this might not apply as you think, it...." - "SCREW THE WARNINGS, GIVE ME STRENGTH!" he interrupted. Okay, I'm not sorry. I snapped my fingers. His muscles started to grow massively. But only half of them. His forearms, hands, hips, thighs, and some more stayed normal, despite him having killer feet, upper arm, stomach, and neck musculature.

"YOU DIRTY RAT! I LOOK LIKE A MUTANT FREAK ON DRUGS!"

"You were the one to ignore all my warnings!" I replied angrily. "I told you I couldn't control it. Tell me your third wish, I don't care."

"GIVE ME INFINITE WISHES! ONE OF THEM WILL WORK!" I shook my head. That one was against the rules. He tried to punch me, but thank god I am invulnerable. I can only use a tiny slice of my powers for myself, but it was enough to keep me safe. 

"Alright, I see where this is going." He was still fuming and barely managed to control it. "I wish for **TWO** infinite gas cans. No matter how much I pour out, it will always refill. AND NO TRICKS, JUST DO IT!"

I snapped, knowing that this was likely to go wrong again. Why did he have to say infinite? A can without gas appeared on the left. On the right ... infinite gas without a can. The room started to get flooded with explosive liquid. In a panic, the man ran out and I followed him, followed by the unavoidable ignition. My bottle teleported away as all wishes were granted. I was free to recall.

"YOU DESTROYED MY HOUSE. MY HOME, MY EVERYTHING" Once again he tried to beat me up but I still was invulnerable. He should work on anger control. With a puff, something appeared behind us.

"Oh, Jimmy, Jimmy, what did you do to your house." She looked at me, baring her long fangs. "Oh, is that a genie that screwed you over? That explains a lot. I feel we have something to do now. Some ... bloodwork." Jimmy looked at the woman in utter horror, nearly passing out. I recalled back to Chris' couch. They looked like they wanted some privacy.

"Ah, finally, you are back. What was it this time?" Chris asked me.

"He wished for infinite gas and it burned down his house. Oh and once again wishing for strength and death. Nothing too special."

"Alright!" He handed me the second controller. "Ready for the rematch?"