My wife passed on about 15 years back. We never had kids, nor were we ever particularly close to our neighbors. We were happy, just the two of us. But after her departure, I gave myself entirely to my work. It helped me work through my grief. The clients came slowly but steadily, and each had specific requests for the item they had commissioned. It was my pleasure to make each and every piece worthy of being called a magnum opus. To my surprise, I had built a reputation for myself. So I made every effort to live up to this reputation. No longer crafting out of grief, I had become something unexpected; I was an artisan. But, all of that changed in an instant when my hands began to shake.

The doctors told me it was Parkinson's. I wouldn't be able to continue my work much longer. I finished my last piece, though I wasn't satisfied with the end result, and closed my workshop for good. I was prepared to consign the rest of my days in some forsaken corner of a retirement home or hospital, yet there was another option placed before me.

A letter arrived from the clientele I had served these past 15 years. They said I could live forever. It was a gift for over a decade of excellent service. They loved the little touches I put into each each. The care and attention I put into every joint, hinge, and piece of edging was the best they had ever seen, or so they said. All I had to do was accept.

I said no.

My life was not an easy one, but I had been happy. I had a home, a wife I loved deeply, and even become a highly skilled craftsman. It was enough. My legacy would live on in my work, though I would never see it. I missed the love of my life. I missed her embrace, that sparkle in her eyes, and I missed the sound of voice most of all. The thought of living forever without that was unbearable to me. That is why I declined the offer.

So if you are reading this, please know that I did not want to suffer an eternity of emptiness. There wasn't even question in my mind. My life would not have true meaning without the one thing that made me feel complete. I leave behind a legacy I am proud of. Please know that I am content. It was my greatest honor to serve your community. Thank you!