Indeed, great violence aplenty. Like many a Dwarven leader before him, Stonescowl had a penchant for the dramatic. Holed up in his mountain stronghold, beset on all sides by those embroiled in the Unification.

"Stonescowl, your honour as a warrior king is known across the land, from the Burning Sands to that of the Northern Ice Wall. Join me in peaceful collaboration. Together, we shall usher in prosperity that of which avarice alone is incapable of bringing."

He had struck a nerve. The trademark stare that earned the Fighter his name from birth shot across to engage him in a moment so fierce the King's entourage had to carry a handmaid back the servants quarters. 

I myself know such tactics do not work against him. Father is as much made of stone on the inside as these stronghold walls...

The Dwarves errupted in raucous laughter, before father continued, and we followed suit, save for one-

Cawlier, our polictical advisor. He did so detest Dwarves and their ilk, any warrior race really. He was a man who thrived on propriety and regulations, not the heartfelt feelings that blood and steel can engender.

He was like stone too, not just in resolve- if only he felt an ounce of compassion, this all would of been avoided...

"Yees, well, do sign here, here and here Mr Scowl."

"Sign? Where?"

"No, a signature, a form of identification." 

"Ah, a maker's mark. A strange one is your diplomacy, westlander. Just let me see..."

He took a hammer, guilded, beautiful it was, and a pot of what I suppose was ink, dipped it and swung at the papers with great force.

"Now-" Stonescowl bellowed with arm outstretched "I believe you have arms to show me."

"Ah, yes. Prince Cedric, Stonescowl" 

"So, what is ot you've to show me boy."

"Well, I- Uh. Um"

"Well?! Out with it! I still have a kingdom to run, mines to oversee!"

"Justly so, right-"

I reached for that place again, the one between the corners, the place where things intersect, and pushed. 

Mother...

Anyway, sorry- as I was saying.

I did, it. He was so pleased. 

"Oh my boy, you've solved my problems-" la la la. "Oh what a great secret it must be to keep."

Never- Never did it do me- The one who bore this burden- a single ounce of good!

I still remember her face, and it.. well it's not right. It's a curse for a reason.

 I restrained myself from punching his stupid mustache across the great hall and-

Well that's not right of me. He was fooled like everyone else. It was all part of the plan. 

"Well plat my beard to iron. So, I trust this can be taught to our forgemasters tonight, Cawlier?"

"Well yes, and no. You see the prince is the magic."

"Ya wah? What that suppost to mean!?" He bellowed 

"Without the prince it doesn't work, but we can give you part of it. A stake in this development."

"I see, well, even rough cut gems I suppose."

When the pianist returns to a point on the stave it's a coda, do you know that.

I fear life has these scattered amongst it, and whilst some can sight-read and evade fate, I fear most are doomed to eat their own cadences.

Great Violence...

And like a motif played back now in minor key there stands the parallel, the trauma to accompany this painful but less harrowing memory.

Dwarves frozen solid, like seconds caught in a broken clock, never to tick again.

It's what they wanted. To touch pure avarice. 

In truth my father's words weren't his own. 
In truth, Cawlier would rule this domain like he had all the rest.

And I was there when he smugly whispered in a golden ear of a once revered ruler 

"Those who can commit great acts of violence and choose not to, and those who cannot are one and the same to me, Stonescowl..."

And he cackled as I cried for my dear father.

"Harmless"