Boris, the grizzly bear, tugged his back foot in frustration.

“Another wire.” he said. “They love those, huh? Just everywhere. In the air. On the ground.”

“In the ground,” Fido, the golden retriever, grimaced. “It’s in the soil. Looks long and nasty, Boris.”

“Great,” Boris said. “Where’s the human? Get it to untie my properly.”

Fido held a leash in one paw, pulling the human forward. It crawled forth on all fours, and without a word, got to pulling the thick wire off the bear.

Boris grunted. He managed to move about four steps before finding himself entangled on yet another thing.

“A shoelace!” Boris said, watching the long black string manage to wrap itself around both of his front paws. With a mighty roar, he pulled his paws apart, and the string flexed and stretched—but were eventually no match.

“God, humans really loved making things that tied around each other, didn’t they?” Fido said, pulling on the tight leash, making sure that their human followed.

“Some obsession with it, surely,” Boris said. “It’s like they wanted everybody to be Boa, you know?”

“I wished Boa would stop wrapping herself around us,” Fido shuddered. “It’s kinda terrifying, even if she promises nothing will ever happen.”

“It’s the thrill,” Boris nodded gravely. “The thrill that you could just do it, you know. Snuff out something. So simple. But yet you have the self-control not to do it. That’s what makes us, us.”

“You’re right,” Fido said. “Can you take over this for a while? I need to go and… oh.”

Boris turned back, seeing the dog backtrack a few steps. Fido grabbed the leash in his jaws, pulling with a jerky motion, and an emancipated corpse bumped briefly through the air, landing in the middle of them.

“Too tight, again,” Fido moaned.

“Blue,” Boris affirmed. “Welp. Guess we won’t be untying anything for a while.”

“Well,” Fido said, letting the leash drop. “We can always get another one. It is of least concern. I’m going to go relief myself.”

“Sure,” Boris said. “You don’t mind if I start first, don’t you?”

“Oh, not at all,” Fido said, nudging the once-human. “Waste not, want not.”

---

r/dexdrafts