Commander YHHYau stared in consternation at the slab of material blocking the path to the throne room. Six decades of planning, a full decade of war, over 4 million lives extinguished, and now it all came down to a bloody door that couldn't be opened. 

Beyond the door, the bloated corpse of a still living false god sat. Arrogant, cunning, and dangerous. Their window for victory was slim. But was he that desperate yet. A shrill alarm sounded, letting him know of incoming craft. It seemed that he was that desperate. 

"Groc, go get the humans." She barked out.

Groc stared for a moment. "uhhh you sure My Lady? Last time.. well last time we used them...It's jus that... now the planet doesn't have a moon anymore....and...umm" Groc stammered to a halt under YHHYau's glare. 

"Yes, Groc. I know what happened last time. I'm also aware of what happened the time before that. And that whole thing with the, the black hole gun, or whatever they called it. But now we have a door we cannot open that seems impenetrable. Now, we can either attempt to use your head as a battering ram, or you can get the humans and see if they have a solution. Preferably one that does not involve gravitational manipulation." YHHYau ground out, watching the fed showing the incoming ships. 

Groc swallowed once before turning and running off towards the large transport ship that had conveyed them to the antechamber of the throne room.

Silence followed his departure. A whisper broke the vigil. "Psss...what are humans?" The hissed question came from a young Kitling named Frixen. New to the unit and the war. His mate made to reply but was cut off by YHHYau's voice.

"Luck is a funny thing. If you aren't religious that is. If you are religious, then well, its more divine retribution. Or favor, I guess. But for 90% of the population of the universe, the idea of luck seems like a bad joke. Humans, though, didn't see it that way. Their home planet is far from the center of the universe. Literally. It is dark, and cold, and miserable, with high gravity, long periods of extreme darkness, and predators that would gladly eat, maim or wound in every shadow. 

"Thus, their invention of fire. Discovered before most of us had evolved. Took them years to figure out anything else. But they never stopped experimenting with fire. Their first interstellar travel was done basically on giant flame throwers.

"Their world also led to shortened life span. And a...pragmatic view of death. It makes them useful sappers and explosives experts. It makes them less useful as soldiers. But their enthusiasm, explosives and numbers turned the war for us, so I suppose we should be grateful....but damn are they ugly."

\-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Groc cautiously made his way into the infamously dim lighting of the human dwelling area. They had taken over a full floor of the ship and then proceeded to remove the walls and most of the doors, installing small 'catwalks' as they called them around the new giant room. 

The lack of light, humans odd features and their propensity to pop out unexpectedly made visits fairly uncommon.

Groc paused, straining his eyes to try find any of them around. 

"Hello Hello!"

"Gahhhhh!" Groc nearly fell as he stumbled backwards. Almost at his feet was one of the humans. he hadn't even seen or heard her approach. Taking deep breaths to calm his beating hearts, Groc stood tall again.

The humans oddly large eyes stared at him in expectation. He believed this one was called Molly. "Hello human Molly!" Groc began.

The human laughed. "Groc! Don't be silly, Molly is my mom! I'm Noxel!" 

"But-you-that, how are you walking about if you are Human Molly's offspring?" Groc stammered.

"Well, I am 8." Noxel replied matter of factly.

"Uhhhh' Groc rubbed his aching head "Very well, Noxel, would you send for your leader. we are in need of his...expertise." 

Noxel's eyes seemed to light up, even in the dim light. "We get to blow something up?? WOOHOO! I'll tell him!"

And then she was gone.

Not waiting for a response, Groc turned and started back towards the throne room, knowing the humans would be close behind.