"Yes, even still."

Hunched over the banister of her family's home, Shigo side-eyed Leandra with a burdened look. Her eyes creased in an unpracticed, happy gloss. Instinctive joy had made a home in her features, despite everything. 

Leandra - not quite aghast, but certainly curious - laid her gaze upon the entryway, where Shigo's eyes remained fixed. She remembered when they were both young. Young teenagers, and barely. Clambering up the stone steps leading up to her old friend's family home.

Seeking Shigo's company after school was always a chance Leandra was willing to take - but it was chancey. Shigo's mother and aunt were always chastising them each for what may as well have been imaginary slights. 

It was only much later in life, removed from the immediate memory of what Leandra had thought to be harmless nitpicking, did she learn the truth of her friend's hardships at home.

Shigo finally acknowledged Leandra.

"You exaggerate, anyway. My upbringing is no more marred than any other's."

Leandra sputtered, now aghast for certain.

"Shigo, other people don't normally refer to their childhood as 'marred'! Those old ladies were beating the fuck out of you. You may as well have died as many times or more!" 

She looked away, tearful. Furious, too, that her friend showed no such anger at her own 'marred' history.

"I... How you ever kept your soul intact is fucking beyond me."

Leandra, now, was hunched. Her posture had deflated as much her mood upon visiting Shigo. All this way to find out she really did still live in this damned old haunted house of a mansion.

"It's okay, dear. I survived, and my aunt and mother treated me quite respectably when I came of age." She looked again toward the entryway. "They wanted me to be a survivor. So, they gave me no option."

Leandra's energy returned. "Don't you get how messed up that is? Those old cooks abused you. They broke somethin' in you. How are you not angry?"

"I'm not angry because it's done. It's healed. I am calloused, and those callouses are not ones of apathy; they are of robustness. Of understanding. I learned to be patient."

"Understanding of what? Their right to treat you like shit?" Leandra remarked.

Her bitterness was met with one of Shigo's knowing smiles. This only annoyed her further.

"NO, seriously, I need to know. Tell me how, after all the times they..." She hesitated. Leandra knew how unusually cruel Shigo's family had been, but to speak it somehow made it more true. Somehow, it made the past real in a way that she really didn't want to acknowledge.

She looked at her friend, and then away.

"Leandra. No matter what either of us do, what's done is done. I'm not the same mother, nor the same aunt, as those two. Meanness did not survive them."

As if to punctuate her words, the sun just then dipped low enough to pierce the windows surround the old oak doors, and paint the floorboards with golden in a way that made the structure seem more a home that it had any real right to appear.

Shigo's smile suddenly turned to a crisp grin, and she reached to pull Leandra by the arm toward the closest staircase. 

"Come on! Let's go sit by the river and watch the sunset. It's been too long, and I miss you."

Leandra let a weary relief turn her face naturally cheerful once more - if not still adorned with worry for her friend. Decades had gone by, but forgiveness was not a virtue she so readily embraced.
______________________

I've only ever written poems before. Pls b kind to me lol