Ash sat at the table with me, eating her Full English and side-eyeing me. *I hope she doesn't-*

"So, uhhh, you and Uncle, huh? You being one of the supposed monsters and all."

*...Shit.*

Ash grinned, and then....threw me a slice of bacon. "Hey, now, don't worry, I'm not going to spill. I have my own skeletons, too..." She paused, and then looked me in the eye again, but this time, there was something....

I leaned in to see it, and tapped in to the Beast, sniffing and then...a sense of *uhoh* washed through the Beast and I both. I wasn't expecting her to smell like a scythe cutting grass.

That meant only one thing, and it was **bad** - she was a Death's Reject. A necromancer; and a skilled one, at that.

Her eyes touched the endless Void of death as she ate. My hackles and haunches raised, and then....nothing. The Beast suddenly disappeared deeper.

Ash carried on eating like she wasn't one of the most dangerous people I knew. And I knew the original Dracula. She carried on. "Oh, come on, it's not every day that I get to meet someone as *awesome* as you! You get these cool powers, and all I can do is....be creepy." She sighed, sinking into a deep moment of sadness.

I gaped at her, speechless. And then I remembered, She was a teenager. I spoke again, but this time with more heat in my voice. "Ashleigh Osterlend, you are," and then I laughed for about a minute before continuing, as Ash sulked, "The single most delightful person I know, and a lovely young woman! I won't have that level of insecurity here, because you are *not* creepy, and the most you have to worry about is the Church.

"I have to worry about biting and clawing people, being set on fire and touching inherited silver." I got up and gave Ash a gentle hug. "I know what a *real* bad hair day is, so what do you say we go shopping after school today with your mom, and make a sacrifice tonight?"

My angel, Michael, walked in at this point from the stairs, and gave me a hug and a peck on the cheek. He went to grab a coffee from the pot before sitting down to his Full English. "I hope you two are getting along now." 

We looked at each other, grinned, and said in unison, "Nah, we hate each other," before laughing and continuing to eat.