The Paladin made his way down the stone steps with two priests in tow. The anticipation of the trio was palpable, they were about to meet their sect's most deadly foe. Their sect of the goddess was small, her faith covered the known corners of the world, but their duty was vital to the safety of all. They contained a being of primordial power, something as old as the world itself, a genie.  


Stepping into the chamber they were amazed by the size, the chamber itself was taller than the modest monastery that hid the entrance leading to it. Through the center of the chamber was a panel made of diamond, its surface coated in runes. Through its clear surface, they could see what was being held within.

  
It looked like a man at a glance, but it was taller than the chamber and certainly taller than the modest monastery they called their home. It was forced to be hunched over by chains, the same glowing runes adorning them. Its shape was where the similarities to a man ended, however, its hair was like a wildfire, its torso made of stone that cracked and resealed as it 'breathed', and its arms were made of black obsidian. Its legs, if you could even call them legs, were like two sandstorms. If the crystal pane wasn't between them the Paladian would almost swear the wind was cutting his face.  


The desert sect had been custodians of the beast for centuries at this point. They had come to the desert as missionaries and found it in chaos, the terrain collapsed and reformed at the beast's discretion, and kingdoms rose and fell by its will. The people worshipped it as a god, cruel and domineering. It was clever, it was constrained as all beings of great power were by rules, it could only exercise its power through the wishes of others, but it always found those it could tempt to wish for things that let it exercise its will and twist all other wishes to fit its needs.  


It was only by providence that the church came to be in possession of its metaphysical reigns. A king who had long used the power of the genie had decreed his son would receive it at his death. He had meant his son who shared his evil and serpentine temperament, but fate had other plans, the son had plotted against the king, and the king's brother plotted against the son, while the king had ordered the death of his brother. This comedy of errors left all three dead and the genie in the hands of the king's simple and indecisive second son.  


The man did not have the ambition his father had, and so could not make the earth-shattering wishes the genie needed and had tastes too simple for the genie to twist into his demise. So when the church came to the son's castle and entreated him for custody of the genie. He was more than happy to get the genie, who he regarded more as an annoyance who couldn't get his wishes right, out of his hair. He would later be canonized by the church as saint of self restraint after his kingdom collapsed when his advisors realized they no longer had to fear the genie.  


Since then the desert sect has worked to contain the genie. Building the chamber was the aid of the goddess the first paladin of the order using his power to craft the seals. While the priest has studied on a way to turn the primal power of the genie to good. The first attempt was a disaster, a priest wished for rain during a drought. The genie complied, he flashed the symbol of the goddess across the sky and rains followed, but they never stopped. The lands flooded, and the people believed it was the goddess' fault and so assaulted her monastery. The rains only ceased when the genie was sealed away the first time, and it took generations of work to reconcile with the people of the deset.

Every 100 years the seal's stability begins to shake and another attempt is made to tame the genie. Such as one cycle where a priest wished that the results of his powers could only be positive, then wished that the desert would be green and fertile. The genie complied the desert transformed from a dry desert to a humid jungle. Strange and dangerous creatures migrated into the land and harassed the people and the roots of the plants threatened the stability of the chamber that kept the genie prisoner. When questioned the genie said it had no control over the beasts that wandered the earth or the roots of the plants, only the growth was its doing. So it was sealed away again.  


This time however would be different. The priest Frieda had studied the parlay of demons and spirits finding how specific the wording had to be to avoid their deals being twisted to make a wish to finally constrain the genie to the light. The other priest Alex had meditated long and hard on a wish, walked among the people, and cleansed the desire from his heart. Looking to make a second wish that could not be misconstrued if her efforts should fail.  


They conferred one last time, Frieda giving the paladin the wish she had concocted. With the plans in stone, the paladin spoke the old incantations and the diamond panel slid open. With the protective shield no longer in front of them, the whirl of the wind filled their ears, the crackling of his fiery hair, and the snapping sound of his chest as he breathed in and out made it nearly impossible for them to hear each other. The sound only ceased when the Paladin spoke.  


"Genie I have a wish," The room went silent and the genie stared down at the paladin, his eyes dark and shimmering like a deep lake at midnight, it didn't speak back waiting for the wish with apt attention.  The paladin stared into the deep pools, feeling like he could drown in them but managed to speak "I wish that you are now and forevermore a virtuous and philanthropic being who will willingly use their powers to benefit all that is good". The genie seemed to smile as a grinding snap rang from his obsidian fingers filled the room.  


The Paladin's world went dark he heard Sister Frieda's words but they sounded far away and small "Do you think it worked," his vision started to return as he was now very high up, and he could see three small figures below him "Only one way to find out," Alex's voice followed, "Genie," suddenly the Paladin's vision was very clearly focused on one of the figures. "I wish that the lives of people could be enriched," The paladin felt his own finger snap with the same grinding sound of obsidion. The clothes of the three figures toward yellow and shining as they collapsed under the weight of clothes made of gold.  


"It didn't work!" Frieda's voice cried out as Alex followed "Thomas seal it away again," The Paladin was finally able to focus on the small middle figure, it had his face, it looked at him and smiled a knowing smile and began to mumble incantations that Thomas knew, the incantation to seal the genie away, his vision starting to go dark. Finally aware of his situation and fate the only comfort that the Paladin could take was that the beast was bound to only do good in his body as the paladin himself was condemned to the darkness for a century.  
.