High Overlord Say-Mus the Infinite closed all four eyes on the back of her second head. She would always do that while feeling uncomfortable. Though no one living was aware of it, she hated being inside a teleportation capsule. While she was waiting to be transformed into a million particles and be teleported to her desired location, she would usually spend time being annoyed by the fact that such an insignificant concept as teleportation would be so anxiety-inducing for her. This time, however, it was different, as other things were taking priority on her to-stress-about list. 

  
The research unit at the laboratory had requested her presence immediately. Her subordinates had almost unlimited power when it came to intergalactic diplomacy, spending their time experimenting on lesser, undeveloped species, or erasing entire stellar systems. After all, they were all sharing bits of Say-Mus’ consciousness. However, there was only one thing her subordinates were never allowed to do, and that was to upset her slumber… which was exactly what they had done.

  
The source of the High Overlord’s stress wasn’t the idea of her minions breaking the first rule of Say-Mus the Infinite, but it was the reasoning behind their actions. Why would they choose to do something that as a consequence lead to the end of their existence? She found herself to be both disgusted and intrigued by what she was about to discover. The white in her eyes was fading as the main hub of the laboratory began materializing in front of her.

  
“High Overlord…” murmured the head of her research team Yan-Tar-Tor, the most brilliant pair of heads in all of the known galaxies.   
“We deeply regret our decision to interrupt you in your slumber, but we believed what we have discovered holds the fate of The Infinite Empire.”   
Just before Yan-Tar-Tor dissolved under the heat of Overlord’s laser beam, Say-Mus could hear fast beats from all four of his hearts. But to her surprise, the emotion fueling them wasn’t fear, but excitement.  
“No one holds the fate of my empire but me, High Overlord Say-Mus the Infinite!”  
The other members of the unit responded in a choir “One True Infinite!”  
The High Overlord shifted her focus to the second in command of the research unit Zan-Tar-Tor.  
“It’s right over here, at the research table…” Zan-Tar-Tor said and disappeared in the smoke of acidic dust from Say-Mus’s spores.  
The High Overlord stepped forward and saw a tiny, flat device laying on the table. She reached with her tentacles and grabbed it.   
“What is this strange little device?” She asked Van-Tar-Tor, another member of the research laboratory.  
“That is a smartphone. A human device…” These were the last words Van-Tar-Tor conveyed as they too, ceased to exist.  
Say-Mus was inspecting the shiny, colorful flat screen of the device while her research team kept on briefing her and dying under her wrath in the process.  
“Humans use it for communication, we acquired it from our latest test subject, a human female…” said Kan-Tar-Tor and, right after breathing their last breath added:  
“Its purpose is to keep humans connected amongst themselves at all times.”  
Pan-Tar-Tor started to speak right away, they didn’t have time to lose. They breathlessly said “Its danger lies in…” but they were interrupted by a loud sound coming from the smartphone.  
“That sound indicates that our subject just received a message from other subject of their species.”  
As Pan-Tar-Tor also disappeared in Say-Mus’ wrathful flames, the High Overlord looked at the flat screen of a small device they were holding with their tentacle.  
The massage on the screen said “hello pretty” followed by an image of a male reproductive organ.  
“Oh no!” High Overlord Say-Mus felt chills climbing up her many spines.  
This is not possible! How did such insignificant species in the universe manage to create such a powerful weapon? After millions of years, High Overlord Say-Mus the Infinite was facing a real threat, one so strong that it easily could end her iron grip over the universe and even destroy the universe itself.  
Somehow humans found a way to use this very primitive device to channel this infinite, most powerful force in the universe. Something that is truly infinite – their stupidity. The end times have begun.