Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. Knock, knock!   
A rhythmical pounding was at the front door of the old creaky Victorian house. Ramona had just finished pouring a glass of wine to sit out on the back porch to read a book in the full moon’s glow. It was summer now in Virginia and the nights were cool enough to listen to the cicadas and watch the fireflies, unlike other parts of the South.   
Ramona took a quick sip of her red wine and placed it on the table next to her copy of The Butcher and the Wren. As she walked to the front door she began to get a deep dreadful feeling in her body, afterall it was eight on a Sunday night. Approaching the door, Ramona called out, “who is it?” There was no response.   
Knock, knock, knock, knock, knock. Knock, knock!  
Ramona peaked through the small barred door viewer and faintly saw the top of, what looked like, a child's head. She closed the viewer and hesitantly opened the front door.   
Just as she thought, there stood a small little girl. She looked like any other normal kid; pigged tails, a striped shirt, jean shorts, and jellies. She couldn’t be any older than ten years old. Where were her parents? Was she lost? Did something bad happen?  
Ramona indifferently looked at the girl, “that's right I should have been expecting you little miss Ashley, it is a full moon afterall.”  
The girl stood there blankly, hands held together in front of her, saying nothing.   
Habitually, Ramona raced to the kitchen to the pantry. She grabs exactly what she came in there for and walks quickly back to the doorway.  
Approaching the doorway Ramona displays a candy in each hand, “so we have hershey’s kisses or reese’s cups. They’re both minis so I’ll just give you both.”  
Ashley grimaced, just as a child does when being forced to eat broccoli.   
“Oh right! You don’t like peanut butter. You know after ten years of our visits, you would think I would remember something like that.”   
Just then Janet, the home nurse, came down the stairs from a late nap. Rubbing her eyes she noticed Ramona standing there with a handful of candy just past the door frame as if handing it out to invisible trick or treaters. Janet robotically muddled, “Ramona, you can’t be throwing candy out of the front door every time there's a full moon. You might get gutsy and leave one day. Now that wouldn't be good, you might get hurt.”