“Mister Devon is here to see you, sir,” Alex said softly from the doorway.  


I waved my hand in acknowledgement, not taking my eyes off the photo I was looking at. Some moments passed in silence. I’ll give Devon his due, he was an extraordinarily patient customer, one that I tolerated more than others. The lost loved ones were patient, infinitely so, it was the living that were impatient and insufferable. Devon had always seemed to be the former. Quiet. Patient. Understanding. Sufferable.  


“My dear Devon, how are you today?”  


“I am better than you look, my Lord Erik. How fares you this day?” Devon responded softly. A pompous sufferable asshole.  


“Much worse than I loo…” I broke into a coughing fit. “Excuse me, I am a bit worse than I look. Old age and all.” I set my photo down and turned to Devon. The only long time customer I’ve ever had, a curious one at that. Most people come for a casket a few times over a few years or decades, but not Devon. Devon came… frequently. Early on in my career, I assumed he was a purchaser for some foreign funeral service. These days, however, I’ve had my doubts. “Do you know how I got into this business, Devon?”  


“I am not familiar with this story, my Lord Erik. I would be delighted to be shared this part of your history.”  


I waved my hand at him with disdain. “Eh, cut the bullshit, you pompous prick. And for the last time, I am not a fuckin’ lord. Ya fuckin’ asswipe.” As always, Devon gave a polite smile and a chuckle. Grabbing my cane, I force my creaking bones onto my feet, I swear I heard my joints cracking. Too fuckin’ old for this shit. With a wave of my hand, I instruct Devon to follow me. We meander through the showroom with caskets on display into the back room where my shop is. I had several caskets I was working on, one of a very plain design, but several quite ornate. Even in my old age, I am extraordinarily smooth and youthful when I am work my craft. As we walk through my shop, I smile at my creations. These are the beds for the dearly departed. They have honored us in life and so I honor them in death. At the back of the shop, I stop at an unfinished casket. It was so far simple, yet elegant. The scent of maple drifted from the work table. “Mum passed away before I left school,” I muttered as I stroked the wood. As always, Devon was quiet and attentive, always eager to listen to the stories and ramblings I was prone to. “We had a maple tree in our garden. Mum always loved the colours in the fall. Indeed, it was beautiful.” I lapsed into a moment of memory. A tear rolled down my cheek. “Mum was sick. We all knew she didn’t have long to live. The local lumber store, oddly enough, had maple wood in stock. I saw this as a sign. I bought a bunch of it and I got to work. I didn’t know what I was doing…” A coughing fit overtook me. “I went to work. I built. I created. I didn’t know what it was. I was angry. I was sad. I can’t tell you the amount of tears spilled onto it. Mum found out what I was doing. Surprisingly, she wasn’t angry. She absolutely loved the work I put into it and told me that it would be the best bed she could ever dream of for her long sleep. And she held me for the longest time ever.” Devon placed a hand on my shoulder. In the fifty plus years I have known this man, never once have I have seen him show a single shred of comfort. I laid my hand on the wood, a measure of remembrance. “This casket is mine, Devon. I am making it in advance, like I did with mum. My time is coming soon, Devon. I am ready. Like Mum. Mum knew she was dying. She never hid it. She just accepted it. And the love she showed when she saw what I was doing stayed with me whole life. So now, I make beds for the dearly departed.”  


There was a moment of silence as we looked at my future casket together. “You have indeed made the best beds for the dearly departed anyone could ever ask for, Lord Erik. For that, countless are eternally grateful. Your craftsmanship knows no equal.”  


“Thank you.”  


“I presume you plan to retire once you have completed your task.”  


I let out a sigh. “Yea, I have a few commissions to complete while I am working on that I want to complete. I have the same cancer that mum had and I don’t have long left. So I’ll be leaving the company with Alex. He has learned well and does good work. I will be retiring once I’m done with my casket. Not long before I’m dead.”  


“Would the though of immortality change your mind?” Devon asked.  


I burst into laughter which turned into a fit of coughing. After several long minutes of coughing and laughing, I reached into my pocket and pulled out my cigarettes. I lit my cancer stick and took a pleasurable and needed drag. “Bitch, I ain’t no immortal and I don’t want to be no immortal,” I said after a long, pleasurable drag of the cigarette.  


“What if I told you that you could be cured of your cancer?” Devon inquired.  


I chuckled. “You can’t do shit for me.”  


“I can provide you with an avenue for immortality. A way to cheat death.”  


I laid a hand on Devon’s shoulder. “The only way you can do that is if you are a god, a vampire, or a zombie. You’re obviously not a zombie, you’re not so arrogantly conceded to be a god, so that leaves a vampire. Thanks, but no thanks.”  


“You… but… wha… how… huh?” Devon stammered  


“Come on, Devon! It’s obvious, though, your reactions does confirm it. Super posh bloke, always prim and proper, never aging in the fifty bloody years that I’ve been doing business with you while I get old as fuck, coming back over and over for a ‘lost loved one’, only coming in at the very end of business for an ‘urgent order’ as I’m bloody ready to close shop. Even if you are working for a foreign funeral home, shit only adds up to one thing. Bloody vampires. Only question I have, is why in Sam Hill do you keep coming to me for all your damn caskets?”  


Devon lowered his head for moment. “It’s that obvious isn’t it?”  


“Uh… Yea… You should have someone else be your spokesperson after the first couple of decades.”  


“We really like your caskets. They are far superior to anyone we have ever purchased from before.” Devon took a look around the shop. “My clan has offered to make you one of us, grant you immortality, I bring this offer to you as a good friend. We love your service and wish to continue business with you. Though, hearing your story and seeing you work on your casket, I am to presume there is no way I could change your mind?”  


I patted Devon’s shoulder gently then turned to my casket. “No. Not really. Death becomes us all one day. I’ve already spent a lifetime without me mum, but me wife passed on last year. I am ready to go. I could not bear another lifetime without Marry. My time is coming very soon. My children are prepared.” A severe coughing fit left me bent over in pain. Devon laid a comforting hand on my shoulder once my I recovered from my fit. I turned and gave Devon a deep hug, a hug that was long overdue. “Thank you for being a friend, Devon.”  


Devon was taken aback, unused to the contact and emotion I dumped on him. With hesitation, he returned the hug. “Uh… Thank you for… everything… Erik.”  


When we broke hug,  I added on, “I’ve been training Alex to take over for me. His work is good. You may have better luck with keeping him for making your beds. Ask him to join you on your way out. He does good work. And I taught him personally. I’ll vouch for his shit.”  


“You are an excellent craftsman and an honorable man, Erik. We shall miss you when you go. Anything you ever want, let me know and my people will make it happen. If you have trained your apprentice in your ways, we shall honor him as we honor you.”  


With the departing, Devon embraced me once more and left with a long, heartfelt kiss upon my cheek. I may have lost much in my life, but I have also gained much and left a legacy that has oddly enough, transcended the ages through those around me that live a really long fucking life as well as the skill that I have passed to others. At one point, I figured that I’d die a destroyed man. Devon changed that. With the passing of my mother, I have brought comfort to hundreds of people, though all in death.