1000 cycles ago in this system there species that was young and violent. Even the most violent species in the galaxy didn't make war amongst themselves. Even then it limited. But the galactic federation watched this type 0 world be at war with itself again, and again, and again.

In one of these wars they launched weapons into a low planetary orbit attacking stations orbiting over their world. The stations destruction created a cloud of debris that would take hundreds of cycles for them to clear to be able to once again be able to get into low planetary orbit or reach their moon. 

There would be no worries of them reaching out other worlds, but. A galactic federation satellite was also in low planetary orbit and with the explosion crash landed on the planet. It was monitoring their war, and progress to leaving their system. 

The galactic federation satellite was like nothing on their world. Initially the species thought that somehow maybe others on their world could've made it but then rightly came to the conclusion that it was from off world. 

The thought of sending a probe down to collect it and not making contact was presented. But ultimately it was decided that contact should be made. Especially as the probe had put a stop to the current war.

And so Earth was brought into the galactic federation. Medical advances were shared, and the galactic federation helped them expand to moons and planets in their system. 

But within 616 cycles of first contact they harnessed the energy of their home planet becoming a type 1 species. The galactic federation had not shared this technology with Earth and yet they achieved it 3 times faster than any species in the federation. Leaving their world for the first time to harnessing its power. 

Now humans could visit galactic federation planets on their own. But with 600 cycles of peace, and them inhabiting worlds throughout their home system the galactic federation welcomed them.

Within 100 more cycles they were harvesting power from the largest world in their system. About 200 cycles later, cycle 928 from first contact they were a type 2 species. They had harnessed the power of their star. 18 times faster than other species on the galactic federation, from type 1 to type 2 species. 
Not every member of the galactic federation was a type species. 

Earth had started to offer help to some of the species they had passed. While the galactic federation didn't prohibit this, other than medical or food technology sharing wasn't practiced. 

For Earth it seemed as soon as they learned something was possible they figured out how to do it. And for a few cycles they seemed to share their knowledge with the galactic federation.

Then 1000 cycles after first contact they attacked the closest system to theirs. A type one species who joined the galactic after Earth. The galactic federation asked them to stop. But in wanting to avoid conflict did nothing. It had been more than 13000 cycles since there was a minor galactic federation level conflict. 

Earth was not done, no sooner since they brought the second system under their control, cycle 1009, did they attack the next two closest systems. The Earth species was still fighting itself. But not in the way it had before. It was who could expand more. Those next two systems fell in cycle 1015 and 1017.

Earth claimed it was the galactic federations fault. The galactic federation kept the best technology for themselves. And under united Earth leadership the galactic federation could become a Type 3 federation and explore other galaxies, and no longer be confined to the Milky Way. 

The galactic federation could watch no longer. As Earth was attacking six more systems a unified galactic federation force fought back. And halted their progress in cycle 1027.

Talks of peace, of fighting them back to their home system, and letting them keep what they took in the name of peace were all discussed. But in that same cycle Earth attacked their first type 2 species. Simultaneously they re-engaged the six other systems.

The galactic federation pulled out of those six systems and they all fell with one to two cycles.

Cycle 1034 the first type 2 species fell. With no signs of stopping or slowing, the galactic federation attacked the Earths home system. 

The problem was life on Earth was always hostile. So in order to survive their species grew to maximum capacity to ensure survival. That wasn't true of life almost anywhere else in the galaxy. Earth took this with them off world. Immediately filling out their system, and already starting to fill out the newly conquered systems. 

No other species in the galactic federation propagated so rapidly. Over the next twenty cycles they outnumbered the rest of the galactic federation. 

In cycle 1054 the battle for the Earth home system had been lost. The galactic federation defeated. Over the next twelve cycles many other species have fallen. Now here, in cycle 1066 on the galactic federation home system the last of every species who has been able to flee will defend.

But we have one hope, since the battle of the Earth system, some of their species have been working with us on the galactic federation system defense. For the were allured by an even greater prize than finishing an all but conquered galaxy. Liberating one.