“What a time to be alive!.” This thought along with countless similar others mental gushed through the consciousness of Tom. It was a fine Sunday morning indeed. And why would it not be? This blessed individual had everything he needed. His little cosy hut by the quaint riverside formed a mental and emotional oasis for this soul. Everyday, he would rush out of his bed, ready to greet the morning sun and answer its warm invite,with his brightest smile.  
  
His entire existence and modus vivendi could be well described as Heaven on Earth. Still, he would catch himself in the most unsuspecting of times, following an obtrusive train of thought, a question thirsting for an answer.  
  
For as long as he remembered, he lived by the River. Family, friends he had none, save the occasional animal visitor here and there. Some of them even brought him the necessary food for his survival, mainly fruits and other blessings of Mother Nature. The cold and clear water of the river never let him thirst and served as his invigoration.  
  
The single, perpetual enigma of his existence amounted to a single inquiry:  
How long had he lived there? He had no memories of his childhood or teenage years. It was not a particularly pleasant feeling, the one that this question evoked. Still, why would he spend so much effort and mental energy, trying to grasp the ethereal and always fleeting answer?  
  
Perhaps, it was the opposite. Maybe, he was actually trying to avoid that mental current. However, that current carried a particular mysterious,one might even say dark, allure, hinting at yet untapped depths of his psyche. His,unbeknownst to him,forceful attempts to escape the question, only served to strengthen its grip.  
  
At last, after some time, he succumbed to the force of the unanswered riddle. Like the progenitor of humanity he had decided to sacrifice all in the search for truth and self knowledge. He had to actively wrestle with his current approach to life, in order to reach a conclusion. In a fit of inspiration (or madness, he could  not say at this point), he decided to discard his old ways of living, and actively pursue their opposite end.   
  
It began as an experiment. At first, he tried to distance himself from his animal companions and the loving embrace of Eden. As a result, he became increasingly cruel towards his animal companions. At first, indifference, then followed neglect and aloofness towards the well being of these souls. A dark serenity followed as a result. Little by little, he realised that he did not ever truly care for them. They were mere distractions to pass the time, an escape from the boredom of existence. Why would they deserve the upsetting of his emotional state because of the occasional accident or misfortune? After all, change and chaos was the law of Nature. Who was he to impose?  
  
A grim day, a sudden realisation befell him. He actually enjoyed and revelled in the suffering of these innocent souls. His shady grin as he watched the tragic end of the hare that he had graced with his presence, gave him the confirmation he needed, His true happiness lied in inflicting harm upon others. In a sadistic delirium, he strived to make the former Eden into a literal hell. He murdered, maimed and performed such acts of gruesome violence that would be best left unwritten.  
  
  
In the height of his murderous ecstasy, for a split second he thought he glimpsed of a flash in the distance. This was the omen that reaffirmed the sanctity of his acts. The next split of the second came the sound. What a terrifying and imposing roar that was. It felt like thunder cracking down upon the earth. It imposed upon his consciousness, piercing through it.   
  
As of a miracle, his skull was shaken from the ground up before falling along with its bodily medium to its doom. In the distance, the single voice of the sniper echoed :   
‘Experiment number 6834988 failed. Incurable. Subject succumbed to its impulses.’