Hanging up the phone, I put it back in my pocket and sat down, not knowing what to say or what to do. It had only been ten hours since we agreed to have it here again, and we had just found another member last week. There we’re going to be 30 of us this year, and I didn’t think I had the heart to tell them.
For crying out loud, I invited them to throw a party. I said to bring plus ones as usual, I had tables and chairs, and our fence had an annual tradition to open between our yards and be a joined space. His yard was already decked out with a 55, and mine a 52. We’d lived together on this block for around 30 years now, I moved to this neighborhood with my high school sweetheart. Our town valued longevity and had the job market to keep people here for generations.
He and his wife had moved here from upstate, needing a more urban lifestyle than they used to have. It had been years, but you knew he had a bit of that country bumpkin in him. But that didn’t matter. We were best friends. Cookouts, double dates with the wives, and the kids got along really well with all of their shared love for the technology in the outer rooms. 
55. 55 years he’d been alive, and 30 years we’d shared our birthday.
I remember the first one being a complete accident, we’d talked before, but neither of us had mentioned our birthdays. Wasn’t something we shared to one another in normal day to day conversation. Usually I’d borrow his mower or ask about the game. Imagine my shock when his puppy bursts in the yard during a party, and his friends barrel in to retrieve it. We were young, hardly sober, and the more the merrier. The parties mixed, and that’s when we found out. 
That got us thinking, does anyone else on the street share our birthday? Next year, we put some signs on the mailboxes wondering who else may share our birthday. We got one fella who was also celebrating and there we had our tradition.
Eventually we began talking about expanding to a larger space, but year after year, we just continued to throw it at our houses. Only once did we need to borrow our front yards, and the culdesac. Darn it if he didn’t arrange for the neighborhood cleanup the next day, I think the town was very surprised by his humility that day. 
He was just the sweetest. Which made it so hard to get the call on our 30th celebration anniversary. He was gone. A heart attack overnight, just before his 56th. What was I going to do with all of our friends? 29 of us this year to celebrate our own birthdays and mourn for the one who couldn’t join this year. And his poor wife, widowed at the turn of 50. He had three amazing children, all grown up or teenagers at least, they visited so often. I needed to get up and at least let my wife know, they are always welcome here for holidays and oh… I just need to sit down again. It’s all spiraling. 

“Hello? Sir? Are you still there?”

Oh. The phone. It’s still there. 

“Yes, yes, I’m… I’m still here.”

“His wife would like to speak to you.”

Perhaps I should call this year off. It is all too much for me today. I wonder what she will say…. Happy birthday, to you. Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday, old friend… happy birthday to you.