Aaron blinked and stared.. just stared.. at the Massive STL ship. There were protocols to follow, things to do, as one came out of FTL and made Second contact with a Ark ship... all of which he forgot when he saw the ship.

'That **Has** to be paint job..surely?' he thought...'A *wooden* hull is just impossible, isn't it?'

Shaking his head he recalled his duty and started to hail the ship.   Or tried too.. Four hours later, and he was wondering if it was ghost ship, a flying mausoleum with a dead crew, victim of some unknown life support failure. 

Except, there were lights... 

One last roll of the dice then, he considered as he suited up... minutes later, he drifted across the void to what looked like the main hatch...and hit it with a halligan bar.  The hull made a nice metallic ringing sound conducted through the boots of his suit.  In answer the light beside the hatch changed colour, from red to green, and the hatch swung open.  

Once inside Aaron raised an eyebrow. the hatch mechanism was pneumatic, driven by compressed air. The indicator light was an actual oil lamp, with a rotating coloured glass shutter.  His first thought was that there'd been a technological crash, and then the ship-dwellers had rebuilt using lower tech.

Except... it was *old*... well cared for, but it looked to be all original fittings.

His speculation was cut short as the inner hatch opened, revealing a trio of men in strange outfits. Blue trousers, white shirt and black jacket with a broad brimmed black hat that was almost, but not quite like the stetsons to be found on the colony world of New Texico , which had been his last lay-over.

The men peered at him, identical thoughtful but closed expressions on the identically dressed men. Aaron decided that the one with the white beard was probably senior...

"Greetings! I've come on behalf of the Federation of earth. My mission is one of peace, to retrofit your ship with a new quantum slipstream FTL drive enabling you to.."

"No Thank you. Much appreciated you coming all this way out here. But No, we're not having it."

"Ah.. what? but... you can get to your destination in a few days!"

"Again. Thank you. No."

"Oh...um... mind if I ask what was your intended destination."

"Don't mind. But we don't have one. We came out here for the peace and quiet. Don't need a world..New Holland is all we want."

"New.. Holland. That's the name of this ship?"

"That it is. You're welcome to stay for a spell. We're just about to partake of our evening meal."

"Um...no thank you." Aaron shook his head. already realising this was hopeless. "Sorry to have troubled you folks. Um.. if it's ok, I'd like to leave a beacon, in case anyone else comes along. that way they won't trouble you."

The trio conferred in hushed tones for a moment. then their patriarch nodded once.

"We can't hardly stop you if you want to put on the hull outside."

Aaron nodded.. "Ok, that'll work just fine. Again, sorry to intrude. I'll be leaving now."

The Older man held up a finger.
"One question before you go.  Is New Pennsylvania still flying?"

"New..? Oh! Your sister ship... yes. They're still out there as far as anyone knows. Blew through a colony system a few years back...dropped off some young people and carried on going."

"Ah.. Rumspringa. We'll trouble you for the course of that world if you would."

"Oh.. sure... um.." Aaron called up the data, and then pulled out his note pad, and scribbled the course. Ordinarily he'd have linked to the ships computer... but if recalled correctly, the ships navigation systems on the New Holland class ships was a little... different. Quantum links didn't interface with clockwork.

"That'll get you there in..ah.. about fourty to fifty years, give or take a decade."

"Thank you sir.. much obliged. If you could pass a message telling them to expect us then, we'll pick up any youngsters who want to join."

"Ah... right.. well I'll be off then."

"God go with you."

Aaron waited until the quantum drive had gotten him a couple of light years away form the ship before letting out a sigh of relief. There'd been an incident  a few years ago with the Kingdom Come, one of the same ark series as the New Holland. It was always a very good idea to tread lightly around the ones they'd sent out crewed by religious fanatics. 

Still... the Elkhart-LaGrange Memonites, or Amish, were a peaceful lot.. if rather peculiar when it came to technology.  There ships were works of art almost, even if they way they did things was far from normal. Clockwork computers and light sail drives being the most obvious differences. Although, given their survival rate, they maybe had a point. Low tech was robust, and whenever something broke, it could be fixed with nothing more complicated than a blacksmiths forge and a hammer.

Aaron looked back over his shoulder, a futile gesture all things considered, but some habits are hard to shake.  He wondered about them however. The New Holland was clipping along at 0.25c He'd personally seen one of her sister ships heading out of the Galactic plane at 0.9999998c... with time dilation, the people aboard would probably outlive stars.

It was entirely possible that one day, all that would be left of humanity would the strange low tech amish ships, peacefully sailing on into eternity.