It was a saturday night , i got a call . Its a job from the PD . 

I arrive at the scene , it definitely a jane doe . Other cops just look at me with weird look . One stop me , a rookie . 

“No civilian , sir . “

Mike chime , “ He okay , he with me and the commissioner approved . Plus he the necro-guy” 

“Sorry sir, i did not know” 

I said “first day kid ? , dont sweat” 

“Rookies , im i right? “ said Mike . 

“Dont too hard on them Mike . I remember when your pops and you yourself a rookie” i respond joking . 

“Those was much simpler time Jack “ said Mike 

“What you got ? “ i ask . 

“Jane doe , white , eyes gouged and several trauma . Can you resurrect her ? “ 

“The brain is intact and her energy still reside as for the soul , faint yet still there . I have 4 hours tops” i said. 

“Can you get her id , if you do get their next of kin to be here “ i requested  to Mike .

He agreed.

I prepare to a timed resurrection with consious mind . Its far harder to maintain but to solve the case , this is required . Is it acceptable in court ? Sometimes , to the court this is just part of an evidence . I had to do it right and legal . 

All the prep is complete , now the ritual started . I read the incantation , the magic cirle appear then it fades . The additional light turn on . 

“Where am i , who are you “ the resurrected female ask Mike and I . 

“My name is Mike , im the PD. What the lasting you remember ? “ mike asked . 

“I was drinking then all went to black , then i felt this pain and i was floating “ she said . 

“Miss , im afraid you have been murdered . I am the one who resurrected you . Im the city Necromancer “ i said 

She look confuse and afraid “no …. Yes . I remembered life living me “ 

“Miss , as procedures i cannot retain such resurrection so there limited . So we going to ask some questions and you be set free . “ I explained. 

“Do you understand? Detective mike will explain the legal stuff and interview“ i added . 

An hour passed . She was cooperative and the connection was pure plus stable . Location-Bound resurrection spell , tend to be less detrimental to the dead individual especially when they just died . The fact she was acceptance of her death , make it a lot easier . Kids these day .


She then asked “can I talk to my parents ? One last time” 

I smiled “yes you can , i believe they are on their way right mike ? “ 

“Yes , we got your detail Miss Laura Vantamer. We rushed to bring your parents once we got hold of them , they be here “ said mike . 

Then the parent arrives , they are permitted to enter . They was devastated yet relieved. They bring her little sister as well . Then they enter the magical circle where they hug them while they wore full body suit to preserve the crime scene . 

“What wrong Mike ? “ i Noticed him . He looked rather puzzled. 

“Later “ he said . Then mumbled it does not add up . 

30 minutes has passed , i look at my watch . I step foward .

“Its time , im sorry but time to say you good bye” 

“Im sorry mom , dad . I wish i was a better daughter. “ she cries .

Laura mother and father was sobbing yet they accepted her death and now must let her go . 

“We know , Laura . You did great honey . ” they said . 

“Mr. &amp; Mrs Vantamer , i would like to ask you to step outside of the circle . It be painless and she will move on to a better place “

As they step outside , I immediately cease the resurrection spell . The mother breakdown as the spell illuminate the area . 

“My daughter!!” She scream . 

Its always the mother who breakdown first in sadness , she try to enter the circle but stopped by female cops . 

Laura reassure her parents “its okay mom and dad , it be fine” . 

She was levitating several feet in the air , as the spell intensified.

As she closed her eyes , it flashed bright and cut the power out . 

Lights turn on , she was back in her original position of the death . 

The parents and Laura little sister was whisked away . 

It was heartbreaking seeing them but is a mercy as a last goodbye for the parents especially for them . At least they can have some closure , that what told myself . Other professional, object what i do . They had their good reason . 

I already resurrected their dead family for a case , might as well bring them for the last goodbye .

CSU will be taking over the crime scene , Mike already busy for the investigation. I went outside for a smoke . 

Across the road , i stand and smoking . Wondering did i do something good or this just a job . Everything just passed like time . 

Then i spot something in the bushes , it was magical in nature . It was a crest medallion . It was something ancient and malicious. 

I have a feeling that i have not felt in a long time . Then i snappes back to reality . 

“Jack ! Jack ! We have a other one “ mike yell while he approaches me .