"I think it's BloodGore" I said, quick to start the blame game on the right foot. "He didn't even eat the heart of the last chieftain we killed."

"I told you, Honeypuff, I'm on a diet" the massive mercenary said. "Doc wants my cholesterol down before the year ends." 

The 200 kilos of muscle and destruction stood from his table, putting his salad fork down in the skull he used as a utensil saver dish. "Could be OrganSmasher".

The next accused brute slammed a prosthetic hand on his table, breaking a corner clean off. "Mah smasheh was broke, 'member? Just got it back from tha techpriests day afore yesterday, I did." He punctuated his statement with a deadly demonstration, spewing a burst of fire and sparks from his cyborg arm weapon. "Wot 'bot Visceral? Could be 'im."

"LIKE HELL I AM" he screamed. "I WANT TO RIP AND TEAR, NOT KNIT AND PLAY LIKE THOSE FUCKIN PUSSIES!" 

He turned and struck the wall behind him, punching a hole through the concrete and steel of the bunker. 

"COULD BE BONESPLOSION. HE DIDN'T KILL ANYONE LAST MISSION" he screamed. To be fair, Visceral always screamed with this intensity. In my 6 months of undercover work, he hadn't heard him speak any other way.

Bonesplosion leaned forwards, emerging from the shadowy corner table he had claimed. "*I was gathering information, for the next mission*", the stealth expert whispered, barely audible over Organsmasher's oscillating hand mounted sawblade. "*I was extracting coordinates and codes from the commander. And I will have you know, he did perish at the end.*"

Killmurder nodded. "And that info was a goldmine. Well worth Bone's time. One of the codes he gathered unlocked the information about the spy among us." 

He turned and extended a heavily scarred finger at me. "Creamy Honeypuff, I'm assigning you to find the mole. Use whatever force necessary." 

A chorus of groans and complaints arose from my squadmates. "WHY ARE YOU MAKING HONEYPUFF THE INQUISITOR? HE GOT TO FIND THE SNITCH LAST TIME." 

"And you got to kill him, Visceral" the commander said. "You still have his bones in that mason jar, remember?"

Visceral grunted. "IT REALLY TIES MY BUNK TOGETHER, NICE CONVERSATION STARTER." 

I clasped my hands together nervously, trying to appear more convincing than I thought. "Ok, uh, lets start with BloodGore, then. Could you follow me to the interrogation chamber, please?" 

BloodGore glanced at his watch. "Can I go second? I have hot yoga with Bonesplosion in 15." 

"*Indeed*" the assassin confirmed. "*It really helps loosen the muscles, and improves flexibility.*"

"Okay, how about you, Smasher?" I asked, "want to get this out of the way?"

"If it'll get me name cleared, yeah" he said, idly spinning his arm blade. "Lets go git this o'er with."

The behemoth rose, and followed me into the interrogation room. We claimed chairs on either sides of the metal desk, neither one particularly comfortable. I locked the door with my remote access key, then pulled a small device from a tactical vest pocket. I scanned the room with the bug sniffer, making sure there were no electronic eavesdroppers. Satisfied at our privacy, I took my seat. 

"Dude, what are we gonna do?" Organsmasher asked, dropping his tough guy voice. "HQ can't keep bailing  us out every time these killers discover us."

"I don't know, but we need to act fast." I said. "I'll say it was you, smuggle you out the usual way. When you report back, have them send a spook next. We need to replace Bonesplosion soon, that guy scares me."

"Agreed. Now how do you want to fake my death?" Organsmasher asked.

"*How about we do it for real?"* a new voice said. We both spun to the door, and found the rest of the MurderDeathKill Squad staring back.

"...fuck", I muttered.

"YOU GOT THAT RIGHT" Visceral shouted. He pulled a grenade from his stash, pulled the pin, and tossed it into the interrogation chamber. Killmurder slammed the door closed, sealing our fate along with the room. 

r/SlightlyColdStories for more