“Wake him up.”

A bucket of water sloshed, shocking Derrick awake. He coughed and spluttered – but when he attempted to wipe the water off his face, chains clinked and held him back. 

He blinked. Shook his head, trying to remember what happened and where he was. He was in a small room, with his wrists bound in chains. His usual equipment was gone, replaced by tattered rags. Two rough looking individuals stood in front of him, one of them holding an empty bucket. They both wore leather armor with a red symbol stitched onto their chest, just above their hearts. But none of this answered Derrick’s questions. The first of them being: Where the hell am I?

The bucketless person knelt in front of him. 

“You’ve got lots of nerve to be messing with the boss’s personal pet.” He shook his head. “S ranked adventurer or no, you won’t be able to take on the entire Red Bandit Army on your own.”

Derrick’s eyebrows furrowed. “Red Bandit Army? What the hell are you talking about?”

“Your clueless act can’t save you now. The boss is already beginning to take action. You are just the first casualty.”

“What? No seriously I have no idea what you’re – “

The guy stood up, shaking his head. “Let’s leave him. The boss will send someone else down here anyway.”

The bucket guy snorted. “I heard the boss was going to come down here personally. Poor guy.”

Derrick was just left there, staring, as the two people left the cell and shut the door tight. He sighed. “And I was almost going to retire too… One last D rank mission to wrap up my career – “

He paused.

The D rank mission. ‘Find a farmer’s cat.’ The gears were turning in his head, connecting the dots. Going into the wilderness. Activating his tracking skill. Seeing a cat with the same description chewing on a fish by the river. He had placed that cat in a cage he brought with him, laughing as the cat yowled and scratched. That cat had a collar, but Derrick assumed that it was the farmer’s.

That collar had a red symbol hanging from it. The same symbol that was on the armor of the two guys that visited him.

If he could move, Derrick would put his face in his hands and curl up in a corner somewhere.

“Don’t tell me… That cat belonged to the Red Bandit Army?” He hung his head, sighing. “What kind of cruel trick did the gods play on me?”