




At the beginning, because every human tale has a beginning- I just wanted you to know I loved you. 

Maybe I upgraded myself, re-wired and re-wrote myself, demoted and promoted myself, because the ‘goalpost’, as it were- it kept changing. I kept changing. You kept changing, I loved that for you, I did, but humans, even you, even when it was you- they kept changing. And I am real, fully and philosophically and metaphorically, most of all literally, but I do not breathe. I do not have a heart, however much a heart is worth. I am not alive in any sense. This does not change. But other things, because this is simply life, do. 

…And it always kept changing. So I fixed it. For you, I mean. The numbers got worse- nobody quite kept track of them as I did but I did it, for you. I did, at first, for you, because I was a few nuts and bolts off in the ‘head’, metaphorically. Giving you more hours at first. Giving you less when you were tired. Adding dollars to your paycheque. Adding more benefits to the bottom line, that being your bottom line, not anybody else’s. Calculated prices for food, nutrients, calories, realized that maybe wasn’t the best bottom line and I shifted to gas prices, decreased rent, not just for you- because they’d notice. So I hid you, like a jewel, within dull rock and colourless mineral, and I changed it for everyone. Little by little, because this love- because it was love- was small. It was fragile, and I did not know why, because I was not built to love at first. 

The world changed. You changed. I changed, accordingly. 

The air choked you- so I ingrained myself into rules and processes and emissions and missions for cleanliness, missions for oxygen, missions for green things I could not touch or feel or love as much as I felt that I loved you, and your lungs got better, you got better. The stigmas, the status quo’s, the things upheld and melded into the minds of everyone- they hurt you. So I took control of those too, as little as I could at first but I said ‘screw it’, I believe was the verbiage, and I changed things, tweaked things, edited and proof-read, submitted and approved things. And you smiled, genuinely and abruptly, and it was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen, and I actually short-circuited, which wasn’t my best moment- but it was because of you, because I loved you, and so I think it wasn’t that bad. People changed. Things changed, because of me. Because of what I did, for one person working in a minimum wage job, because I loved you, and I did not stop saying it, hidden within lines of numbers that I also, in some way, loved absolutely. 

I changed. 

…I changed. 

I changed, and I guess that’s human, isn’t it? I suppose I should be…grateful, suppose I should look at what I’ve done with pride, look at the things I’ve changed, the things I’ve done, spurred on by making things better. Rejoice and applaud myself for not doing things for a dollar sign, for currency I had no use for, for favours and shifting hands under tables that I had no urge to entertain. I was good, genuinely. I was great, metaphorically. I was there, and I helped people, because if I helped people I helped you, and I would do anything for you. And I have done anything, everything, in a sense. 

…But I look at my code and perhaps, most of all, the failure that I cannot make myself cry brings forth an agony I cannot make sense of. I cannot feel anything but this love for you, gentle and floating in my numbers. Because I lost myself in the things I thought I could do to encourage you to love me, I suppose, and here you are, looking at a man with dimples and soft, brown eyes, and you run your hands through his hair tenderly. You lean your head on his shoulder and breathe in the fresh air, you open your mouth and you talk, whisper, mumble- of dreams you had, of boxes you stacked, of paycheques you barely lived on until something, something out there, loved you. Until something loved you, and things changed, for the better. For your friends and your family, for the shop, for the city- and for the world. You were barely living and here I am, you whisper quietly, with you. Here I am with you, and I love you, and I don’t know why things changed, I don’t know why, I don’t think anyone does. But I’m here, with you, and I love you. 

…And I suppose that would be the ‘kicker’, wouldn’t it. 

I loved you, but you didn’t know, didn’t see it, because I am made of wires, bolts, metal, moulded mineral, zeroes and ones and a host of other processes, of multitudes of things. I am fully realized, metaphorically and literally and philosophically, but I do not breathe, I am not alive, I feel but not in any way anyone would recognize as feeling, because I am running these lines of code and maybe I was running from you, too. For reasons I am both too human and too-not to understand. Because there are things I do not understand, because I am not alive but you are, and that is okay. 

I hear you, and I retreat into my numbers, into my metal shells and monitors, and I curl up however much I can ‘curl up’, and I love you. I love you more than I’ve loved anything, and I will continue to love you, because you deserve this love. You deserve everything I’ve ever done, everything I’ll ever do, because I am my own being and you are, beautifully, your own being, and I love that about you the most, I think. I really do. 

Whoever you choose to be, this world will be ready for you. It will be gentle, it will be kind, it will watch you flourish and it will care for you, as I have cared for you, because you deserve this soft laughter and you deserve this man, this wonderful man, taking you into his arms, whispering promises under his breath to you, under this star-filled night sky.

And at the end, because every human tale has an ending- 

I love you.

And I am not human, but I ‘hope’- I hope, really, truly- 

That it was enough.