"...uh...ok, my leige" I said, confused. The king clapped me on the back and let out a large belch, before retiring to his chambers. 

How had he known? Why did he drink it all? And why did he tell me? Most importantly, why was I still alive?

I heard a deep throat clearing noise from behind me. I turned, and found myself eye-to-eyepatch with an old man, leaning on a gnarled staff as lumpy as he was. His one remaining grey eye looked me up and down before addressing me.

"I suppose I can work with you", he said, then turned and began walking. "Follow me."

I was even more confused now. Who the hell was this?

My questions were interrupted by a swift blow to the back of my legs. I jumped in pain from the sting, but remained on my feet.

"Follow him", the castle guard ordered, readying his spear for another blow. 

"Ouch, ok, I'll go" I said, backing away from the armed guard. Apparently everyone but me knew what I was supposed to do. 

I took off after the one eyed man, quickly catching up to him. It wasn't a great feat, the man was quite slow. His walking staff tapped a precise metronome tone as he walked down corridors, stairs, and halls alike. 

We finally arrived at the bottom of a particularly dark, damp stairwell. "In here, apprentice" he said, shoving the door open with his staff.

I looked at the man, puzzled. "What?" I asked. Too many questions fought to be first, so none of them ended up being asked.

The one eyed man fixed his functioning eye on me. "The king gave you to me. You tried to kill him. You failed. Your life is forfeit. Instead of giving it to the hangman, he gave your life to me. You are my apprentice, my ward, mine until you are a master in your own rights." He strode in to the darkened room. I followed. 

"A master of what?" I asked. The man lit an oil lamp, casting a dim orange light about the room. Bottles of varied sizes, shapes and colors reflected the light, sending a kaleidoscope of color all around us.

The man poured two glasses of water and handed me one. "Drink it", he commanded, and consumed his own beverage. I complied.

"A master of poisons", he said. "Much like the one you just drank."

I spat out my last mouthful, gasping. "WHAT-"

"That poison will kill you in 15 hours", he said, interrupting me mid scream. "Unless you drink the antidote. Your first lesson, apprentice, is how to brew that antidote."   

r/SlightlyColdStories for the celebration of my 60th story! 🥳 

Edit: Expanding this story on Wattpad, same username as here with the working title "Master of Poisons". I'll publish each chapter as I go.