I looked up from my clipboard.

"What?" I said.

A few moments passed as the translator did its thing. 

The lead engineer responded. It was orange furred and barely 2 feet tall, forcing me to hunch down a little to not loom. It wore a green skull cap, matting the fur on its head and what looked like a kilt or skirt. Half a moment later, I heard their reply.

"We have no need for the Terra Sol system charity. We do not require faster speeds, nor will its presence here be tolerated."

Every ship, every single ship I've been on for the past 2 years have jumped at a free upgrade like this. Faster than Light speed. A dream that works. Liwrs weren't even known for being cautious. They were normally pretty open to sharing new tech. 

I tapped my finger on the clipboard. This... it wasn't good.

"Your ship's already been logged." The translation was almost instant now. "I can't exactly lie on this paperwork."

"Why not?" The engineer tugged at its cap. I tried to remember my xenostudies on Liwrs, but couldn't remember much other than you shouldn't stand over them in a fight. 

"I'd get fired. The union contracts are to stop every ship and upgrade them. It won't take more than a few hours." I said and moved to stand.

I heard a buzz and the Liwr before held out a metal stick. I froze. I knew a weapon when I saw one.

"You are not allowed to violate my engines. Leave."

"Okay. Okay. I'm leaving." I said, my hands open and raised in surrender. "I'm not getting paid enough to die." 

The chief walked me back onto my ship. We passed by at least a dozen other officers and all of them just stopped and stared at us. Something felt off. The entire ship felt like it had gone quiet. As I got in my ship and powered up the engines, I noticed the entire crew in the cargo bay WAS watching me. 

I lifted off and slowly pulled backwards. And they let me run. 

I reported the ship to my boss at the end of my cycle. He read the report and asked about  the coordinates and model of the ship. I pulled up my ship's recordings to show him. Even he was weirded out. But didn't care. He marked them off and said he'd take care of the contract.

In bed, I pulled up the footage again and watched them staring. My mind went full of theories. Were they possessed? Were they carrying some cosmic horror? A prisoner? A weapon cache? Were they pirates? Maybe they were just Luddites. In space ships.

I stared at them staring back at me.

I'm not an adventurer. I told myself, as I watched the green hat fade away. Sometimes a weird client is just a weird client. 

My boss's words rang in my head.

"If you want excitement, join the fleet. If you want to live, ignore what's not shooting at you." 

I had a friend in the fleet. I could forward him the vid. Have him... find the one Liwr who wasn't watching and mouthing something. He'd recreate the voice on a computer and it'd be a warning. Something that'd get the fleet chasing after them. It'd be a galaxy wide smuggling ring. Or a parasite trying to destroy every species!

Or... maybe it was just a few Liwrs who valued their privacy more than speed. 

I turned off the vid and rolled over. 

I dreamt I was back in the fleet, sitting at my captain's chair. It was a good memory.