The pathetic slug-like alien creature cowered before me, just like all of the others before him. 

"P-please! I swear I'll leave your planet and never return! Just let me go!" it begged.

"Fine. But if I ever see you again, you're dead," I replied menacingly.

It vanished leaving traces of goo where it stood just a moment before. The crowd of civilians cheered behind me. I faced them, nodding my head slightly before turning back around to walk home. All in a day's work of being a superhero. 

Saving people without lifting a finger might seem like the greatest gift of all, but in truth, it was terribly boring and depressing. While all the real heroes got to go out and fight with their fists, all I could manage was a hulking presence and a soul-piercing glare. I feel like an imposter. I don't deserve all of this fame and money. I don't even have real powers.

I finally reached my penthouse where I live, and walked straight to my bed. I flopped down onto my stomach, sighing. Aside from hero work, my life is pretty normal. I wake up, get ready for the day, and have breakfast. Then, I check my computer for any emergencies and when I find one, I eliminate the threat. When I'm done for the day, I come home and have dinner while watching TV.

I ordered a pizza for dinner and turned on the news as I waited for my dinner. Naturally, I'm on it. The way others see me makes me chuckle. They describe me as heroic, brave, and stone cold, but really, I'm just a pathetic cinnamon roll who just so happens to have an intimidating face. I never had any friends because of my "abilities."

When the pizza finally arrived, I met the delivery boy at the lobby and paid him. He scurried away after I gave him the cash. I began eating my pizza on my way up, and I finished the rest of it as I flipped through the channels on TV. I fell asleep with the remote still in my hand.


I was back in my childhood home. It was Christmas, and we were celebrating by having our annual neighborhood Christmas party. I was hiding in the corner by the buffet table, as a girl around my age, 12, walked up to me and smiled.

"Hello, my name's Audrey," she said shyly, "what's your name?"

I stared at her for a moment. No one had ever dared approach me before.

"I-I'm George," I replied, shocked.

"Nice to meet you, George. Do you want to go play with me? I got some new games on my Nintendo switch but no one else will play with me," she asked.

"Um, sure."

She beamed, "okay, let's go to the sitting room."


I woke up, dropping the remote on the floor. I looked around and remembered I was in my apartment. I closed my eyes and sighed, blinking my tears away. I was dreaming about Audrey again, the one person that I dreamt could look past my powerful aura and see the real me.