“So, as you can see, this would be the best solution to your starvation problem of the Grart species, and the overpopulation of the Pltrin species..” the ambassador drawling on about treaties and other such boring topics. Mother sits beside me as I peek at it over the table. The speech was boring, but I was distracted anyway by it’s nose. It looked like a button. What do I do with buttons? I push buttons. It was simple. I needed to boop the nose. It was difficult to wiggle out of my chair without the notice of mother, she would be sure to give me a hard talking to about being “the future leader of Retn and bla bla bla.” But I knew I was never going to rule. That is what big brothers are for after all. After escaping my prison of the velvety cushions I crawled between the feet of some of the most important leaders of the universe. Oautin, the leader of Wrest, nearly kicked me. I needed to remember to fill his pillow with bees, funny buzzing balls I found out about from Carl, the leader of the weird small plant of Earth. When I finally reached the head of the table I was finally spotted by button-nose. It looked surprised at first, although it was hard to tell with its lack of features. It’s face quickly scrunched up in what I assumed was rage because it quickly started shouting, well, shouting as much as you could when you had no mouth. I knew I was going to get in trouble already. So I just went ahead and jumped up from the table, bopping it right on the button shaped nose. 

Silence. You could hear a Lib drop in the meeting room. Then, what Carl described as what I believe was “Hell”. Mother quickly jumped up, screaming apologizes for me. The ambassador started mumbling again at my mother. Everybody was freaking out, screaming at me or mother. Mother dragged me out by my antenna all the way to our sleeping quarters. Oautin had been the first to show up. He had started yelling at mother to what I believe was “fix this mess before we have to sleep.” Or maybe it was “flee.” Pronunciation was horrible for their kind. I tried to continue to listen to their conversation but mother had shoved me into my room for a thinking period. 

After a while mother returned. She then explained to me that the ambassador had a custom with its kind. Apparently, because the nose was the only feature on the face, it was only allowed to be touched by a person of marital spouse. She then gave me a looooooong talk about how I need to apologize to it and sign papers and other such things I didn’t care for.

After a few days and the whole ordeal was over I couldn’t WAIT to get back to my own planet and go into my recharging state, but when I got onto my pod I noticed my things were gone. I had asked mother about it and she refused to explain. Instead, she dragged me back into the meeting room, which inhabited the ambassador. I was confused, of course, because I was led to believe it was over and done with, I said sorry, signed the papers, and left. That’s when mother explained to me the truth. For their kind, noses weren’t only to be touched by those of marital status, but it was what started it. Which meant, to my dismay, that I was now married to the ambassador for a planet I didn’t know, and worst of all, it was of a species with literally no face.