Mariko looked up from the map as Princess Flanneth approached walking over and giving the hundred year-old adolescent a big hug. “Sit, sit. Let me pour you some tea.”  
The beautiful elf tried her best to wave her away, but Mariko was a force of nature. A force of nature wielding a teapot. Soon enough, Flanneth was reclining on a sofa with a steaming cup in hand, and ready to deliver her report.  
“Adia has the mages working like a well-oiled machine, with buff runes ready for use and artillery spells spooling up. The Dark Army won’t sleep well tonight at all.”  
Adia was a marvel, both at spellcraft and diplomacy. Since Mariko had dissuaded her of the ridiculous notion that her beauty was her only selling point, the girl had truly come into her own. Mariko did wish she’d get rid of that unsightly window on the front of her robes, but that was Adia’s decision, and her combat magic was advanced enough that any boy getting handsy would regret it. “Good. How about the scouting force?”  
“Got back about an hour ago. All approaches to the Dark Fortress have been examined, and we should be able to get strike teams in here, here, and here. Ember requests that a few of the Mages enchant some invisibility cloaks, so she can lead a team to open the gates.”  
Ember, the child of the Dark Lord himself, had mellowed out significantly since she’d been sent to assassinate the Hero. Thankfully, the common misunderstanding about the summoned champion’s age and gender had allowed Mariko to get to know her before she found out the middle-aged woman was her target. The poor child had been raised as a weapon, and a few weeks of proper parenting had been enough to get her to turn her back on her father. Her assassin training made her a devilishly effective scout, but when not on a mission she could usually be found swapping stories and jokes with the troops, a far cry from the lone wolf they’d met at first.  
Flanneth continued. “Gairen and his Paladins stand ready to break the enemy lines and get us into the Dark Chambers. And yes, I’m well aware the Dark Lord has no imagination with his naming.”  
Mariko chuckled as she looked out the War Room’s windows to observe Gairen training in the courtyard. The noble swordsman had come a long way from the lecherous bandit she’d met at her journey’s beginning. She could still remember the gentle smile on his face when he’d been accepted into the Order, a dream he’d given up on years ago. He wouldn’t let them down.  
“…and after that, we’ll defeat the Dark Lord and bring peace to the continent. Just one final showdown.”  
Mariko smiled. Flanneth was ready. They all were. She reached beneath the table, withdrawing a sheathed blade that seemed to hum with power. The princess gasped. “The Hero’s blade! You’re finally going to draw it?”  
With some effort, Mariko hefted the blade an passed it to her “young” charge. Of course, the magics inside the heavy sword made sure that the Hero could wield it as easily as a kitchen knife, but…  
“I’m not the Hero, dear. The Hero is a great warrior, a leader of armies. My purpose is to nurture individuals. And, while it’s true I may have done this world a disservice by dying in place of your champion, I’ve tried my hardest to replace him with interest.” A sly smile appeared on Mariko’s face. “Let’s see how well I did, shall we? Draw the sword.”  
The elf’s face bespoke horror. “But mo- missus Mariko! I can’t possibly-“  
“Let the Goddess decide that, Flanneth. Draw the sword. If you aren’t the Hero, it won’t let you. It certainly hasn’t let me. But if it does, well. Heroes choose their own destiny. Their own adventures. Their own suitors.”  
Flanneth winced. Mariko had gotten rid of her current set with a few well-placed rumors that made them all ineligible to wed her, but both knew that her parents would simply find more. It was her desperation to escape her inevitable wedding that had led her to attempt the Hero summoning in the first place. Mariko wasn’t what she would have expected, but the princess had no complaints. But to declare her the Hero…. 
With her eyes shut, Flanneth yanked on the hilt… and promptly fell off the couch as it cleared its sheath. Both women admired the blue glow of the rune-inlaid blade, before Mariko moved in and gave the Hero another hug. “Now, you go out and give that Dark Lord what-for. I’ll hang around back here, and when you’re done we’ll see if we can’t get me back to my family. Know this, little one. I am so very proud of you.”  
The young elf, tears in her eyes, returned the hug.  

  

Flanneth stood at the head of the army, a combined force of every kingdom and every race on the continent, brought together by a tiny woman with less than four decades to her life. Around her were her companions. Some were former generals and agents of the Dark Army. Others were simply random people she and Mariko had met along the way, people her mentor had inspired to greatness. People just like her.  
All eyes lifted to the Hero, as she raised her sword high and sent a beam of light into the heavens, heralding a mighty charge that would begin the final battle between good and evil. Her voice rang out across the assembled host.  
“Charge, for justice! For your homes and families! FOR MARIKO!”