[Beginner, please excuse bad writing]

The dragon whimpered and squeaked, its tiny body shivering as it tried to pull more socks over itself to stay warm, from the rush of cold air that accompanied the dryer door opening. It made no move to resist when you scooped it out, hoard and all, and deposited it onto the still-warm ironing board.

Unlike the descriptions of majestic, wise beasts who soared the skies, or beings that blazed across the astral planes, the dragon shivering in a pile of old socks was barely a wisp, and seemed like it could blow away at any second. It couldn't have been that much more than a hatchling.

You shrugged your shoulders when it spat a gout of fire at you, defeating your attempts to remove it from the hoard, and scooped it, socks and all, into a shoebox. Rummaging around in the toolbox, you removed a nearly-depleted heating core from the small pile of old spares, placing it inside the shoebox. Whatever needs dragons had, this one, was at least too cold. The dragon pressed itself against the crystal when you had activated it, coiling around the core, and falling asleep.

Putting a lid on the shoebox to contain the heat, you turned your attention back to the dryer, pulling off the front panel. The rust wasn't a surprise, you had got it for cheap from a junkyard, but what was was the missing heating core, and the scorch marks around the drum, and a small hole where it had melted under the heat. It should never have worked in the first place, and only did so because it was being operated by dragonfire. You shook your head, adding the replacement components to your shopping list.

The dragon initially rarely strayed from the shoebox, puffing up when you replaced the heating core with a fresh one (tuned down appropriately), and when you had removed the moulding food scraps in its hoard, placing bits of your lunch in a hastily-repurposed sauce holder, only nibbling at them when you weren't looking, and cautiously peeking its head out of the box when you had food.

Peter had made a face when you talked about where you had found the dragon, showing her the dismantled remains of the dryer, and she had all but given you a stack of Avalonian reference texts on raising dragons, firmly suggesting that you bring him in for regular visits, in a tone of voice that allowed no argument. She had, however, given him a clean bill of health.

The day Lucky had climbed out of his box, and under your shirt, chirruping and purring softly was probably the happiest in a long time, despite the sharp claws. He'd barely left your side after that, always perched on your shoulder, or your arm. The pale, milky white scales were now a yellowed green, and while he was not as powerful compared to some of the other familiars and pets people brought to class, he was yours.

Your boss was even impressed when Lucky turned out to be able to put [a finish with flair on the restaurant's créme brûlée](https://www.deviantart.com/sandara/art/Creme-Brulee-757155279), laughing heartily when Lucky had buried himself under the pile of uncounted tips, snapping a photo to send to his husband and kids. You took one yourself, sending it off to Peter.

Back home, you'd since replaced the dryer, taking care to make sure that there were no hidden dragons in it this time. Lucky curled up on a pile of socks, having not quite shaken the habit of hoarding them, but was more than happy to bring you a pair when asked. Sometimes, they even matched.