Sorry if this is too long. I don't do this kind of thing often, so when I do I just roll with it. Discovery method I guess. Probably hot garbage. Constructive criticism is welcome.  
  
"A Necro-what?", exclaimed a 50-ish Caucasian man at the front of the crowd. "Eww! Don't they do kinky things with dead bodies!?", shouted a young blonde with bright blue highlights and at least 10 piercings.  
  
It took much of Faustino Vivaldi's considerable patience not to roll his eyes and groan audibly at his audience's ignorance. Have they never read a book before? Even a bit of fiction? Weren't creatures such as himself "cool" these days? It can't be helped, I suppose. The least I can do is put on a good show.  
  
"You a doctor or not, pal, we're losing him here!" yelled the short, stocky man in a red faded sweatshirt and blue jeans who was kneeling over a man sprawled in the cross walk between Heaven's Road and Hell Avenue. Faust himself would not have believed it had he not he not been there. Faust could hear the anger in the man's voice, with an edge desperation.  
  
"Why, yes, one of the best." Faustino stated rather smugly. The man raised an eye brow and regarded him with amusement. "If you say so, you look like a quack to me." The man rose from his knees and took a step back, giving the mysterious doctor a good hard look. Faust let this slide, and chuckled to himself as he found he couldn't completely dismiss the man's statement.   
  
To many he probably did fit the definition of 'quack', something from another age; standing at 6' 6" (6' 6.6", if anyone truly bothered to ask), he was tall and slender. Disturbingly so. Arms that seemed to reach too far and legs that took strides that seemed too long. He had a long, thin face with high cheekbones and a pointed chin. His eyes were a dark grey that would turn black as onyx when he was in a dark mood. Not many could meet the cold, dead eyes of Faustino Vivaldi for very long. He liked that. They were further brought into focus by the small, round glasses he wore perched on his long, thin nose. His peculiar appearance was further accentuated by the well-worn black trench coat and an equally tattered leather hat with a huge brim going all the way around. He wore crystals of odd shapes and colors woven into a leather cord around his neck. One might see the shadow of a plague doctor from dark ages long ago; spreading more terror than cure.  
  
Faust took three of his too-long-steps forward, dropped a large leather satchel next to the victim with a heavy thud, and knelt.  
  
"What happened to him?" Faust asked, as he looked the man over and began feeling his limbs. "Who knows, some say he was hit by a car, others say he collapsed." Said the man in the red sweatshirt, solemnly. Damn, Faustino thought, can't rule out internal injury. Limbs are unbroken though... he opened his bag, which looked like it was on the verge of ripping itself apart, and began removing strange items.   
  
The bag itself, along with its owner, smelled of sulfur, wood smoke, and... blood? And bore strange symbols that no one could relate to any hospital they had ever been to. Out came a book crafted out of pieces of strange-looking leather, a small swatch of white cloth with a dark red spot in the middle that looked suspiciously like blood, a rook feather, a few sprigs of sage, and a small vial of clear glass filled with a black, oily liquid that would glint green or purple depending on how the light hit it. He placed these strange tokens on the man's chest. He could feel the life slipping away and his own heart quickened with anticipation. It has been far too long.  
  
"Don't you need to do CPR or something? He's not breathing! And what the hell is all this voodoo crap?" shouted the stocky man again. "Be Silent." Faust commanded. The man started as though slapped from a day dream, looked as though he couldn't say more even he wanted to, took a step back and regarded Faust with a healthy mixture of fear and respect.  
  
"My methods have been brutally perfected for millennia, and their results are undeniable. You will behold a miracle few ever knew existed." The man's eyes widened. This guy is nuts! He thought to himself.  
  
Faust opened his strange book, which was written in a language no one had ever seen, and began. He ground the feather and sage into a powder between his fingers and put it on the cloth, muttering strange words as he did. Next, he broke the point off of one of the many crystals he wore, and placed it on top. He plucked exactly seven long strands of his hair that stuck out from beneath his absurdly broad hat, and bound the cloth into a tight bundle. Lastly, he removed the cork from the vial, and soaked the token in the thick, foul-smelling liquid. Putrid, like rotting flesh, yet sweet, somehow. With his eyes closed, Faust passed his hand not even an inch above the stricken man's body from head to toe, speaking the strange words, then stopped above the man's forehead, tapped it once in the center with his index finger, then said "Randall Fitzgerald." In a quiet, but clear voice.  
  
The crowd exchanged uneasy glances. No one had said the man's name, yet he seemed to know instinctively.  "Randy? Randy Fitz?" came an increasingly panicked voice from the crowd, "He works at the PD morgue down town, we would get lunch together, how the hell do you know Randy?" Faust ignored him. He took the now dripping bundle, opened Randall's mouth and placed it on his tongue, closed it, then covered his face with his hand. Randall's body shuddered.  
  
The moment the necromancer had tapped his forehead  and spoke his name, Randall found himself at the bottom of a well of dark, cloudy water looking up at a pinpoint of light that seemed impossibly far away. That light seemed to be pulling him toward it, but he resisted.  "You cannot resist!" a voice like booming thunder threatened to split his mind in two, "Only a fool refuses eternal life! Come! And serve a greater purpose!" Eternal life? Greater purpose? Sounds like the religious crap my grandma always talked about, Randall though. It was enough for him to forget about resisting, but then came the burning. Starting from his tongue and working its way down his throat, he felt the poison cutting through him like a blade and setting his guts on fire. What is this poison! I don't want to die! Eternal life my ass! "I have no time to waste! You were not my first choice, but I must begin at once!" boomed the voice. Randall lost his mental grip and found himself being dragged into that blinding, burning light... then awoke in a world of crimson.   
  
To Randall he appeared to be in a large red cylinder of crystal, it's bent walls magnifying huge shadowy shapes that loomed all around him. He walked forward and his hand met what felt like cold glass. Were those people on the other side? He pressed his face against the glass, and thought he would die a second time. He was staring at his own body lying in the street, arms and legs sprawled, pale, with a stream of dark liquid streaming from his mouth. Then he fainted dead away after he saw his eyes snap open, his body slowly stand, calmly brush itself off, and stood at an odd rigid attention. It looked in his direction, but looking upward like he was talking to someone else. "Who am I? What happened?"  
  
Faust grinned maniacally and let out a hardy laugh to a speechless crowd. "Randall, don't be a fool, you know damn well who you are. You weren't watching where you were going is all, you tripped. Come in let's get out of here, you look like I need a drink." As Faust passed he muttered more of the ancient words into Randall's ear. He visibly relaxed, then fell into step behind Faust, who was looking down and tugging at the cord around his neck.  
  
The crowd knew they should probably do something. Stop this mad man, notify the authorities, something. But couldn't have been real, right? A strange man, doing strange this. Everyone was almost certain Randall was dead shortly after they arrived. Yet here he was, walking and talking and following this miracle-worker. It had to have been a dream...  
  
Meanwhile, Randall, the real Randall from a spiritual perspective, now realized he was in strange and terrible circumstances. He was peering through the crimson glass into the gaunt, smiling face of Faustino Vivaldi, master of the Necromantic arts, a cheater of death and a master of the thrall. "Hello Randall." rang the huge voice that seemed to come from everywhere. "Make yourself comfortable, we have much work to do." A soft ominous chuckle. The world faded to black.  
  
Needless to say, Randall Fitzgerald was... different... after that day.  
  
End