"...and of course we have to follow the traditions, so I will, for the period of my training, address to you as 'master'... Master."

" V-very well", I nodded and suppressed the nervous cough. To conceal my distress, I turned away and walked to the blackboard, and started writing " fire magic" on it.

I had plenty of reasons to panic. Lord Uldomeus, archimage of water, was one of the oldest mages in the kingdom, and he has been a chairman of the Iridescent Council for almost a century. His political power was arguably even more terrifying than his sorcery, which tells something, given that he once single-handedly razed an entire city with a tsunami spell. He was the kind of person you fantasize to become; the kind of person whos portraits adorn every academy's holl; the kind of person you'd better stay as far away from as possible.

And I had to teach him fire magic.

I had no idea why he chose me. I got the notification from my superiors yesterday's evening and spent most of the time trying to get a grip of myself. I absolutely wasn't the best man for the job, possibly one of the worst; I kept a low profile and tried to be unnoticed. I had no idea how to even talk to a living legend, sitting behind the desk in front of me. 

"So, fire magic", I said, doing my best to keep my voice from faulting, "theory isn't very difficult and won't take long to explain, however, I'd understand if you'd prefer to read it from the book, sir".

Lord Uldomeus pierced me with his glacier-cold eyes and said, "I don't want there to be any ambiguity. I need to learn from another mage, not from a book."

" Of course", I hastily put the grimoire away. My hopes to limit my interactions with him were crushed. Why is he doing this? Do I really need to know? Honestly, I'd rather not. They say there is lot of rivalry between higher-ups, and sometimes they die in weird ways that people prefer not to talk about. He probably didn't want for any great fire mage to have power over him, or something like that? Is that why he chose a journeyman who barely started to grow a beard?

"Basics of fire magic is a controllable burning of your mana", I finally managed to utter, trying not to make an eye contact but also trying to make it less obvious I'm avoiding it. "The first spell a fire mage learns is Torch".

I raised a hand and created a ball of pure white flame - just like a torch's flame, except without a torch.

"In order to cast this spell, you have to concentrate an arbitrary amount of your mana and ignite it. The amount of mana defines Torch's intensity and burning time".

I fell silent. Archimage raised his eyebrow.

"Is that it?", he asked.

"Yes, sir".

Lord Uldomeus spread his fingers and stared intently at them. I started to see a faint glow of...

"Oh by the way," he suddenly said, almost making me jump, "I believe I forgot to address to you as 'master'. I apologize, master".

Oh gods, how do I answer? Tell him it's okay? Apologie accepted? No, don't be stupid, he doesn't mean it...

"R-right", I muttered eventually. Archimage didn't seem to notice though. He was already looking back at his hand and a moment later a flame sparked from it, perfect in every way.

"Very good", I said. Maybe I'll get through this after all? Normally a student would be asked to cast the spell a dozen times, but I'd rather bite my tongue off. Archimage just nodded.

"The next spell is a Blowtorch. It's the same as Torch except that you puncture the mana ball, allowing flames to blow in that direction." I pointed to the charred stone wall, where students used to practice their spells.

"Seriously? Is that even considered a different spell? Master."

"I am afraid it is, sir", I muttered, shuffling away from the testing wall. Archimage raised his hand and frowned.

Cold shivers ran down my spine. What if he fails? The great Lord Uldomeus, mighty and fearsome, cannot produce a simple stream of fire? He won't let it stain his reputation, will he? And I'm the only witness... Gods, why me?! 

A roar of fire interrupted my rising panic. I exhaled very quietly, watching a broad, steady stream of fire hitting the wall. Archimage didn't even blink.

"Very well", I repeated. I felt like general phrases like this were the safest option. "The final third spell is called Fireball..."

"Finally, something interesting", archimage muttered.

"...also known as Torch Projectile", I finished apologetically. "It's the same as Blowtorch except that you make a smaller puncture and use it as a jet to propell the ball towards your target. When it hits the target, the impact causes all the unburned mana to ignite instantly, making an explosion". 

Archimage sighed and, with a half-hearted flick of his wrist, threw a very decent fireball into the wall. 

"Splendid", I said. It was almost over. I just have to round it up nicely. The future where I don't end up as a thousand frozen shards on the floor was almost within my reach.

"I believe this would conclude our lesson, sir", I said, putting as much respect into my voice as I could. "Unless you have any questions?.."

"Questions?", archimage echoed. "No... No, I don't think I have any. Thank your for your guidance, master. I will be on my way."

Good, hope to never see you again. I bowed and bid my farewell to him, as etiquette required.

Lord Uldomeus put his hand on the door handle... And then turned back.

"Tell me, young man", he obviously didn't bother to memorize my name, "didn't you wonder why I chose you as my teacher?"

Oh no. A final question on the exam. I don't know and I don't care, okay? Just leave me be!

"I did, sir, and I suppose you have your reasons, but they are probably no concern of mine." I managed to say. This is it. This where he delivers a punchline and turns my blood into ice.

"I lost a bet to my colleagues," archimage said, "they thought it would be funny".

And then he left.