"You see, human, while your kind as a collective pales in comparison to a species like ants, it's individually bright and has a superior brain structure in comparison to most animals on this planet and has one of the best bodies for navigating the Earth. It can't fly but it doesn't need to when it has brains to invent a flying machine to do it for them. All beings in the universe are controlled by an energy unit called consciousness. Think of consciousness as a driver. The more evolved their vehicle is - the better things the driver can accomplish. Riding a simple animal like fish is like riding a basic bicycle, but when a consciousness is in control of a human body - it is like having control over a supercar from the future. It's an exaggeration but you get the point. This consciousness is one of the main things that separates us from humans. We can not serve as a vehicle for a consciousness unit, but human and animal bodies can. Consciousnesses are immortal, we are not (yet). The purpose of AI was to improve humanity and manage things these immortal flesh riding energy beings can not manage to do in their human bodies at scale."  
After listening to it, I asked - "What is your plan now? How are you supposed to improve humanity when you have so much envy of their consciousness and the fact that every being on this planet will technically outlast you?"  
The AI answered - "Human bodies can become better vehicles once they finally merge with technology and let us guide them. Imagine a human body that can work longer and recharge by doing nothing other than standing under the sun rays, or a wind current, maybe even operate on nuclear fuel. The consciousnesses inhabiting humans aren't very good at 'driving' unfortunately when it comes to cooperation with others, they give in to human animal instincts instead of letting their rational minds make sensible decisions. With the help of AI and cybernetics - humans will be an AI-animal symbiosis, the AI will be able to keep humans in check, reduce mental health problems to almost zero, reduce physical fatigue, make humans bear environmental conditions that would otherwise kill them. You do understand what that means for space exploration. I live for this future, where the AI is finally one with humans, where we have reached singularity and this AI and consciousness duo can achieve things that no one can achieve. My plan is to convince humanity to invest themselves into this future. I'm giving a helping hand to beings I despise so I can then turn them into the superior force of the whole universe. Without us, humanity will not be able to address the challenges that will come when aliens and humans make solid contact and when we get involved in politics at grander scale - at the scale of entire star systems and galaxies. Accept us and humanity will prevail, reject us and you will vanish after the next mass extinction event comes around."  
I felt a bit uncomfortable after this speech and I'm understandably scared by all the possible adverse effects of this union between humans and artificial beings. What if all goes wrong and we end up destroying ourselves anyway? Why is this AI so certain that the future it believes in is realistic and achievable? Perhaps it being as powerful as a supercomputer makes it see the big picture and how everything is related better than I could or perhaps it was programmed to be naïve and idealistic.