The morning I walked into Haley's room to find her hamster, Moe, dead on the floor with a clean bite taken out of him, I knew things were about to change drastically. I stood in the doorway, stunned but not surprised.

She'd be turning eight this year, after all.

I had hoped that the curse would skip a generation for her sake, but there couldn't have been a clearer sign that my daughter would never have a normal life. The spirits clung to us like barnacles on a Spanish galleon, but our family had learned a thing or two about boat hygiene over the centuries.

I quietly removed the little hamster carcass before waking her for school. When she asked about Moe, I told her he must have gotten out of his cage, and that I'd look for him while she was at school. That was good enough for her; her pigtails bounced as she skipped down the walk toward the bus stop. I wasted no time making the phone call.

Grandma would be picking her up from school.

That night, I watched through the window as my mother pulled up to the curb in her old crimson pickup. I met them at the door and was promptly handed a steno pad with many notes scribbled across it. Hayley pushed past me and hurried into the house calling for Moe.

"I asked you to text me," I said with a huff as I took the notepad from her.

"I don't like texting," she grumbled.

"Well?" I placed my hands on my hips.

"It ain't a demon, at least," she said, looking past me into the house.

"What a relief," I smiled. "And Fae don't eat hamsters."

"Neither do ghosts. We're looking at a monster, a wraith, or maybe even a sin."

"I don't think we've ever had a sin in the family," I said as I glanced over my shoulder.

"It's not a sin," came the voice of the fairy over my shoulder.

"Lourelle says it's not a sin," I announced.

"How does *she* know?"

"They have a distinct type of energy," the fairy replied. "We can rule it out for now."

"She says we can rule it out," I explained. "She says she would know if it were a sin somehow."

She pulled a piece of gum out of her piece and popped it into her mouth. She always chewed gum when she was nervous; it was how we knew she was stressed when my brother and I were children.

"You try to get that information outta her, ya hear?" she said before turning around and making her way back toward her truck. "If it's a monster... and I hope it's not... we'll have to get some old books out."

"I'll keep you in the loop," I called out to her before closing the door and leaning against it. I heaved a heavy sigh and wiped one hand over my face.

"Darcy..." the fairy said softly. "We'll get through this."

"Why couldn't she have just had a fairy?" I whined.

She fluttered around in front of me with a warm smile on her jade lips. "Not every little girl is as lucky as *you* are..."

I smiled weakly at her. She was right, and I was grateful, but I had hoped the curse would be easy on Hayley. I admired her sparkling wings and the colorful petals that made up her attire.

"Alright then," I said, pushing off the door. "Let's go have the talk."

That meant something *entirely* different in my family.

"Mom!" came my daughter's call from her room. "Did you paint on my walls?"

I stopped short of my step– I hadn't been in her room at all. I exchanged a nervous glance with Lourelle before quickening my pace to her bedroom. I stepped through the door frame and lifted my hand to my mouth. 

"dO nOt LiE tO hAlEy" was written across the wall in what *had* to be blood. I glanced down at the floor and found Moe's body against the wall. My eyes darted over to Haley. She hadn't seen him yet. 

"Do not... leeyay... to Hayley," she read out loud. 

"Leeyay?" she repeated the word as she scratched her head.

"Darcy. This is dangerous," Lourelle warned. "Whatever this is..."

"Hayley," I said softly. "We need to talk."

- - -

Sub at r/A15MinuteMythos to follow along &lt;3

[Part 2](https://www.reddit.com/r/A15MinuteMythos/comments/v3eqll/wp_and_how_many_claws_does_stewie_have_you_ask/)