**TWINNING**

It wasn’t until I turned thirty that I got to experience how the 1% live.

And let me just say, I can’t afford to live there, but it’s a nice place to visit.

Champagne fountains. Ice sculptures. Caviar. Which by the way, I could do without, you feel the little eggs pop in your mouth, I mean, just, no. But I digress.

All of this took place on a luxury yacht. Well, yachts. A fleet of yachts and they were all tricked out. Each with multiple levels that had unique party themes and activities. Discos, raves, and even floors set aside for more introverted party goers, that were just grand libraries with a bunch of board games.

And when you needed a break from celebrating there were the stars. Sparkling above the calm waves, they felt so close it was easy to imagine just stepping out among them. Like you could just become a part of the universe … or maybe that was the champagne talking.

But the best part about my thirtieth, which as we’ve already established was lit, was that it was free. Well, to the OG birthday boy and girl. Namely myself, and my neighbor, Jack.

But I should back up, I’m getting ahead of myself.

I hate my birthday. Always have.

It fell in the summer, which meant growing up, as much as my parents tried, there was never an opportune time to have a party. Most of the kids I knew were at camp or on vacation. While I was stuck at home with chores and the traveling that my books allowed me to do in my mind.

And, while I don’t blame anybody, there are only so many years in a row that you have your “special” day pushed off until it never happens that you stop thinking of it as a “special” day.

It’s just another day. An arbitrary mark on the calendar that denotes that your butt just got older. When you think about it, your mom’s the one who did all the work on that day. You just showed up.

With that very healthy mindset, I left my adolescence and headed into my twenties. Where the baton of birthday planning passes to your friend group and or significant other.

Except, I’ve always been shy, painfully shy. And, nerdy. So, I didn’t have either. Friends or an SO, that is.

Now, I’m not saying that to get sympathy. These were just facts. And they were facts that didn’t bother me. I had my career, and I was very happy in my nonprofit environmental work.

Besides, I knew it was on me. If I wanted to have friendship and maybe find love, I had to put myself out there … but if you’ve ever been painfully shy, you know that’s easier said than done.

So, there I was. A birthday party virgin at the age of twenty-five and no one knew it.

Until they did.

See, I had moved into a small house that I saved and scrimped for. It was mine. Well, in thirty years and three-hundred and sixty payments it would be mine.

It was the odd duckling in a small neighborhood of bigger homes, and I loved it. What I didn’t love was the neighbor next door, Jack, who had a way of inviting himself over. All. The. Time.

I think he was lonely too, even though he had his D&amp;D group of friends that he hosted once a month. I may have purposefully left my windows open those nights so I could hear their shouts from the back porch as I read my books. I may not have been brave enough to join, but I wanted to and in my small way, I did.

But even with a solid friend group, Jack was always bringing over an extra steak that he’d grilled, or a new board game he’d found. And I gotta say, despite my eye rolls, I looked forward to our hang outs.

Then on a night we’d agreed he’d come over, he didn’t. I sat alone in my kitchen staring at the cake I’d splurged on and unsure what to do. My mom had always said no one should have to buy their own birthday cake, so I’d never bought myself one before. But Jack had let it spill that his birthday was on the fourteenth, just like me. So, I figured it wasn’t breaking the ‘that’s so sad’ rule if I got a birthday cake for both of us. I waited for an hour, but he didn’t come over.

Instead, there were balloons tied to his mailbox and cars parked outside his house, but no music, no noise. Strange.

I had never been over to Jack’s place. Again, shy. In fact, I probably would have never spent time with him if he hadn’t forced his way into my life. But he had, and that night, I was hurt. And a little pissed. We had made this plan and he had bailed.

My foot popped the lid of the trashcan open, and I’d started to sweep the cake into it but caught it right before it dropped. It was bad luck to eat a birthday cake alone, but I couldn’t just trash the thirty dollars I’d spent.

I used my frugal fury to help launch me past my fears and marched over to Jack’s house, banging on the door with one hand and holding our birthday cake in the other.

A muffled, “It’s open!” came through the door and I’d hesitated, then decided, turned the knob and pushed the door open –

“SURPRISE!!” His whole D&amp;D group had been on the other side waiting to shout at me. Which honestly, made me want to run for my house. Maybe go hide under my bed. Because it wasn’t just them, the whole room was filled with people.

“Happy Birthday, birthday twin!” Jack stepped out from behind them, with his boyish grin, and I calmed, “You were always so secretive about your birthday, that I peeked at your license. When I figured out that we were birthday twins … I mean, how random and cool is that? I knew you wouldn’t refuse a joint-birthday party. And Rose. You’re someone who should be celebrated.”

I was … speechless. The whole place was tricked out in fantasy book covers and there was a dragon pinata. He’d taken everything he knew about me and made my very first birthday party special. I released the birthday cake I’d been holding into his hands, which he passed off, before he started walking me around the room. Staying by my side while I actually … talked to people.

And it turns out people can be nice. And funny. And excited you were born and the fact that you have a birthday twin. And, well … I turned a quarter of a century and had a blast. Mostly because I had someone to share it with. Our birthday.

The next year, we made it bigger. Inspired by getting to share a birthday we started looking for others that were born the same day. And we found them.

Each year it grew. We all pulled resources and celebrated in style.

Except this year … well this year, it turned out that billionaire playboy Reggie Champ was also a July fourteenth baby. And he'd caught wind of our last four birthdays and decided this year he would throw the party of the summer. So, he’d gotten a bunch of his buddies to bring their yachts and thrown in to cover the costs. And like I said earlier, it was lit.

But that wasn’t what I was thinking about, standing at the bow, looking at the stars as I felt Jack approach me. He stopped, putting both of his arms on either side of me, his face near my ear.

“Isn’t this a bit cliché?” I asked as I tilted my head up for his kiss. Jack and Rose. Yeah, we’d been teased mercilessly when we'd started dating. He kissed me with a gentle passion before pulling away, “What were you thinking about just now?”

I leaned into him and sighed. “All the people that don’t have anyone to celebrate their birthdays with.” He held me as I fell silent considering the stars. “I hope someday someone shows them that they are worth celebrating. Like you did for me. And if no one does, I hope they know they are worth celebrating themselves.”

"We'll find as many as we can and tell them ourselves." Jack kissed the top of my head, and softly whispered. “What do you say about spending the rest of our birthdays together?"

He placed something gently in my hand and I didn't even look at the ring before I turned and gave him my answer with a kiss filled with all my love and gratitude for this man. My birthday twin.

&amp;#x200B;

\~\~\~

Thank you for reading! For more scribblings, wander over to r/WanderingAnonymous