Michelle Sherman, known to most as Shelly, was 52 years old. She'd been living in Japan for the last 2 years with her husband who was stationed at the local military base. She had short blonde hair and 2 kids both under the age of 5. 

She was crossing the street to go pick up her kids from daycare when a local high schooler stopped dead right in front of her. She harshly impacted his back in her rush- she was running late and the daycare workers were always SO inconsiderate of her busy schedule as a military wife- and he stumbled forward several steps. 

He turned around, his mouth open as if to speak, when suddenly she heard a loud horn and everything went black. She swore the horn sound continued, slowly morphing into trumpets as the world lit up around her once more. She was standing in shallow water, light falling down in sparkling beams from some indiscernible source. Before her stood a tall busty Asian woman in a too small top and long skirt. A sword was strapped across her back. She had her eyes closed, head bowed the barest amount, hands together in front of her. 

"Noble hero, I am Shinme, goddess of growth, and I humbly ask-" the goddess started in a deadpan tone before SHelly interrupted. 

"Excuse me! What is the big idea here? Is this some prank? I have things to do, you know. I can't be here playing your stupid game!" SHelly shrieked. 

Shinme winced. "Noble lady-" 

"Didn't you hear me? Is this some marketing scheme for one of those anime midget porn things? I demand to speak to your manager!" Shelly jabbed her finger in the goddess' face. 

SHinme stepped back from the crazy lady. THis was not how things were supposed to go.

"Where is my noble hero? He was supposed to arrive, not you." The goddess explains pleadingly, looking behind the woman as if he would suddenly appear. 

"That teenage hooligan? I should have known he was involved. He was so rude! Kids these days have no respect at all!" Shelly yelled.

Shinme looked up and yelled "I didn't order a Karen!"