The mimics had become a kind of hive mind so they no longer had need for individual identification. Their collective name was Selt and they'd gotten used to travelling with the other adventurers. There had been a few times where Selt was sure the farce was over and that one of the adventurers would grind them to dust but that never happened. 

Once, Selt's arm fell of and shimmered briefly right in front of the berserker, Arwen, a hulking man that wore armor as heavy as a horse and as thick as tree trunks. Arwen must have fallen asleep because there was no reaction, in fact it almost looked as if there wasn't anyone in his armor, Selt didn't even see the rise and fall of his breathing. Passing it off as an illusion of the dimly lit room Selt reattached their arm and snuck out.

Yet another time, they fought bandits and Selt's hand was knocked off by a hammer and they rushed to hide their empty guantlet. At the same time Kitsyer, their lightly armored archer was standing only a few feet away from them and SURELY saw, but when Selt turned to check, Kitsyer was ducking away from a bandits arrow and Selt could swear there was only a skull behind his helmet. Another trick of the light surely. The party dispatched the bandits with relative ease shortly after.

The third and fourth time happened almost simultaneously.
Pharren, the party's healer, had gone off for "fresh air" and had been gone for some time and Selt and Chelle, the party's mage, agreed to go and find him.

The woods were dark, they'd just made camp for the night and the sun had set a while ago, and the night air was frigid. Both agreed they couldn't be out for too long. The two neared a clearing and saw a figure holding something out to its side. Selt immediately recognized Pharren's thick robes but Chelle's eyesight wasn't so good.

"D-dullahan!"

Chelle hissed as he gripped Selt's shoulder. The mimic has a very specific feel to their skin and Selt was sure Chelle would recognize it for what it was and braced for some sort of spell but nothing happened and the tension grew as Selt took a better look at the figure.

Selt hadn't been able to make out what the figure was holding, but upon looking closer it was indeed a head. Selt stood in shock; another trick of the light? Maybe they should get their eyes checked. They were certain it was Pharren but Pharren was no dullahan. 

The figure turned around and Selt turned to run and found that Chelle was gone. There was a bush and a large rock, which Selt didn't remember being there when they first arrived but that didn't matter. They needed to get out of there. 

Selt ran back to camp, on the way they tripped and their boot came off which exposed their empty greave. No one was around to see luckily so Selt reattached it continued on to camp and reported what had been found to the other two but after much searching in the pitch black of the forest they came up with nothing. With heads hung low with guilt and grim thoughts of their friends they trudged back to camp and slept.

The following day they woke to the missing two party members sitting by the fire. Arwen was furious, asking where'd they'd been. Pharren said he'd gotten lost while going for his walk and Chelle said that Selt and him had gotten separated. After some frustrated scolding, Arwen relented and they began to break camp.

Their next destination was a small tavern not too far from where they were. There they planned to resupply and continue on to the next city to hopefully relax for a while and aquire some newer gear.