I am sick and tired of this nonsense.

These so-called Children of the Light, their arrogance, the way they parrot that heartless religion of theirs as if such heresies were matters of fact rather than the delusions of senile old fools.  The way they seize upon their "blessedness" as justification for enslaving and slaying us Children of the Dark.

And now, this.

Sending a boy, almost a child, to do their dirty work for them... 'tis pity they neglected his training.

Miserable wretch... he can barely wield a bodkin, and they expect him to be their saviour!?  And *we* are the evil ones!?

That does it!

The Blinded by the Light have trespassed for the last time.  If their deity won't hold them accountable for this foulness, then I and mine will.

The feckless child approaches.  Wide asinine grin upon his visage, he speaks to me.

"Yield before the Light, Unclean One!  I have been chosen to slay thee!"

'Tis but for the grace of God I stifle my laughter.  Verily I've beholden footmen far more care-worthy than this pup.

I ready to cast my lance... yet something stills my hand.

The lad is deathly afear'd.  One need not be a sage to take notice.

Stupid child.  Were it not for this Chosen One hogwash, he would discard his sword and run to his dam... if she still lives, that is.

I think back on't.

I was much like him once: a child, made to serve the Dark with no less witless devotion.  My agemates clepped me "demon" for these very horns weighing down my brow.  My mother perished when her waters broke.  As for my father, he had been slain in battle along with most other males in our village.

The elders took notice of the magical potency I was thus allotted at birth.  Desperate to drive back the blighted heretics, they bade me learn spearplay when barely had I taken my first steps.

I wasn't allowed to play with other children or share in the joys and sorrows of those on the cusp of merry-making youth.  My days began with training in the ways of war and magick; my nights ended much the same.

I applied myself, as it was expected of me.  I dared not gainsay the elders, for they did tell me the hopes of our people lied with me.

Then it happened: the Massacre of Teufeldorf.

The village wherein I first beheld the light of day was razed early in the morn, not long before dawn.  Idiot boy that I was, I took up arms and set out to fight, praying to whatever gods would listen I would live to see the next day.

I was thrown in the midst of din and carnage.  Spear in hand, I screamed mine warlike wail, aiming for the heart of a heartless human brute who made merry trampling upon widows, bashing babes against the rocks.

The tip of mine weapon shattered upon his suit of armour.  The blackguard snatched me from the ground; the whole of his hand did cover mine head much like the ill-fitting helm foisted upon me.

The fiend nearly crushed it alike grapes at vintage.  Nearly had I fallen into eternal night when the brute grunted, then eased his grip.  Barely had I met the earth when I beheld his severed head lying far from the body, itself close to my redeemer: another human, clad under the selfsame banner as he!

I had yet to speak when he snatched me and fled the carnage before us.  Last I saw of my village, the Temple of the Elders had fallen into fiery ruin, newly-made widows and orphans' wails resounding alike an incandescent dirge.

My saviour and I fled across the sea to the Outer Lands.  By slaying his fellow man-at-arms for my sake, he betrayed the Light and his liege lord.  Ne'er again would he see his homeland or partake in the blessings of Radiance.

I was much too frightened to speak, so he made the first utterance.

"I could not do it.  I could not remain impassive as my fellow humans slaughtered women and children like cattle.  Such is an aberration unto the Light, and I shall not abide it!  What is thy name, young one?"

I answered not, as I did not speak his tongue, nor he mine.  Eventually I learnt he was clepped Sir Harlan of the House Uriel.  'Twas he who regarded me as his own flesh and blood, who named me that name I have not heard in veritable centuries.

Raphael.  "God has healed."

My father learnt me the language of the Light, the magicks of the Way of Radiance, as later I learnt the language of the Dark, the magicks of the Way of Shadow.

I became who I am because of Sir Harlan.  I owe mine very life to a human.  Thus, I cannot bring myself to revile the whole of his race for the sins of their many or their few.  I harbour no love for his race or the god they serve, yet I know better than to stain mine lance with innocent blood.

And now, after all these centuries, history repeateth.  'Tis not long ere I respond:

"My child... they who suffered thee to thus court death are the unclean, not I and mine.  You reek of fear and trembling; lay down thine arms and surrender.  No harm will come to thee; this I vow."

Thank the gods the boy yielded.  Now he is my son as I was my father's.

The name I bestowed upon him suits him well.

Mikael.  "Who is like God?"

The boy I saved will one day become man.  I must do unto him as Sir Harlan did unto me.

I'll not besmirch thy name, Father.  Mikael and Raphael will rain vengeance upon the false Light and its deceivers on thy behalf.  The War of Radiance and Shadow will come to an end, and all of us will be as one before the gods.

This I vow before thy grave, Harlan of Uriel.  This I pledge unto thee, Truest Sire.

This thy son will not be found a perjurer.  Thus knoweth He who hath heal'd and is without pareil.