Lazarus groaned. It wasn't often he made a mistake, and when he did it was often bad. And being hit by a massive pink laser was, he had to admit, his own fault.

  
He managed to urge his body to sit up. It hurt in places it shouldn't, and he could smell all-too-familiar copper, but at least he wasn't leaving his partner and daughter alone in the world. No amount of physical pain would compare to what leaving them would feel.  
He opened an eye. Through his fingers he saw green and blue. Green walls, blue ceiling and floor.

He was hit worse than he thought he was. It was taking him a moment longer to gather steam. That only happened after weeks of staying up, or days of nonstop hard fighting. Or, it seemed, getting the top half of his body vaporised. Probably. It was hard to tell.

*Enough. Where am I, and how do I leave?*

The room itself was barren, only having a couple of wooden chairs in the corner. A plain door was the only exit. Picking himself up, he trudged over to the door. It had no keyhole and was unlocked, letting him enter the next room.

As he stooped through the doorway, he noticed that the walls here were teal, with a tiled floor. A table protected with a tartan cloth dominated the centre, surrounded by four chairs. Two more doors, one directly opposite him, led into more rooms. A washing up area was directly to his left, lit up by light filtering in through a window. Fake plants sat in pots on the sill.

Lazarus couldn't help the small smile that grew. His darling Alice hated fake plants. He could imagine his daughter's face subtly glaring at the plants, as if judging them. The smile faded when he heard the door open.

"Ah. My apolo-"

He stopped mid-sentence. This was a man who had seen everything. The kind that thought little more of killing an eldritch horror then having a fun detour. This... was new. It... *she*... looked like...

Imagine a detailed miniature model of a 60's or 50's era American Housewife. Imagine it being painted by a novice with no clear idea how to paint a human, and scale it up to life size. Whatever the mental image may be, may be close to what she looked like. Stiff, yellow beehive, a splodge of red lipstick, wide eyes with pinprick pupils, broad grin, pink skin, all in a yellow and blue dress.

He cleared his throat. "My apologies, I seem to have awoken in the room behind me, and, ah, damn it."

It began to move one stiff leg at a time as he spoke. Arms jutted back and forth to keep balance, all while the unchanging face got closer, and the details became clearer. Despite everything, it was impressive craftsmanship. Poor painting, but mechanically brilliant. It was enough to make his heart twinge with regret with what he was about to do.

Lazarus raised one hand, and as it drew close, he made a swiping motion, as if to slap it across the face. Then, he moved out of the way, letting the headless machine collapse into the doorway. He killed everything in the space his hand swept, including the head, effectively erasing such things from existence.

"I yearned to kill those who made me this way," he told his victim. "Thus, I learned to kill anything. What are you compared to space and time?"

He moved on. There was nothing else left for him here. Through a short hallway, the next room was a living room. And beyond that, outside.  
Out in the sun, he found himself in a suburb. Row after row of white houses stretched on for as far as the eye can see, lawns carpeted with Astroturf.  Perfect roads split off into streets. And, as far as Lazarus could tell immediately, not a sign of life. He knew better; each house would have a housewife, maybe a friend or kid. All machines, all soulless, but there, nonetheless. And none of them friendly, no doubt.

A brief stroll down the road told him a little more. Each house and garden looked the same, making navigating the place near impossible. The sun was worse; it wasn't a sun. As he looked up, noticing the odd shapes of the shadows, he saw it was a giant lightbulb, hung in the air from something just out of his line of sight.

He eventually found what he wanted. As he walked, he kept an eye out for a manhole. Low and behold, as he approached a corner, he saw the circular metal cover.  
Lazarus could kill anything - if it existed, it could die, no matter how temporarily. Weight and gravity were two of those things. He plucked the cover as if it was a feather, and let it hang in the air as he jumped down into darkness, before allowing it to return to normal. The loud bang may have alerted someone if he didn't sort that out beforehand either.

The underground was dimly lit, and oddly warm. The light by Lazarus was broken, or perhaps just blown. Not that it mattered, but he kept a mental note of it.  
As he walked through the tunnel, he realised his sense of smell returning. Steam. He could smell steam. And soon one wall of the tunnel stopped, giving way to a rail.

Even in the poor lighting, he could see it. A few feet away, a massive brass wall of hissing pistons and churning gears, all working in near silence. Much of it was mottled green with corrosion. And below that, the wall stretched into never ending darkness.

"Everybody’s agony becomes one." The words slipped out without leave. He felt much like The Fool of the Major Arcana, not quite sure if the edge he approached was a cliff or a ditch. But without anything to guide him, he would have to trust his own intuition.

And there was the rub. He had no idea how he got here, wherever 'here' was. And he didn't know how to leave. Even after all these decades, or even centuries, lifetimes of living and being killed...

*No. Not now.* He berated himself for letting his thoughts stray. He didn't know how to leave. And he didn't know how he got into this place. Wherever this place was.

Well. Cliff or ditch, there was one obvious path. So why not take it?

With that in mind, trusting his intuition, Lazarus climbed the railing, and leapt into the darkness below.