The silence in the hall was oppressive, all eyes were on him. Dressed in a dazzling suit, he wore a huge "S" on his back - it was Shooter, the greatest hero of their time. But something was wrong, he neither laughed nor told any stories, instead he stared at the floor. Tense as a feather, he sat there, refusing to look the presenters or even the camera in the face. He was afraid.   
"So -" the taller of the two presenters broke the silence, deliberately dragging out the word to make it clear how little he understood the hero, "you say you have depression?" With one eyebrow raised, they looked at him, expecting him to shake his head and assure them all that it was a joke.Dryly, the young hero swallowed, wishing himself to a faraway place, not for the first time, regretting all this.   
"I-I'm on top of the world, .... the only person who can stop Breaker - I-I can't fail. N-not be weak. I have to win...but I can't do it anymore...", his voice became more and more slurred, only with effort he could suppress a sob, everything was so close to him. But the presenters had no sympathy for him, but they were not the only ones, on the contrary, they belonged to the majority with this reaction.   
The audience was not on his side, everywhere in the world they made fun of him. After all, how could the richest and most successful man in the world be unhappy?  
"Ah, how tragic, Mister Shooter." Hypocritically, the female co-host commiserated, wiping away an imaginary tear, "But I'm sure it'll get better" Encouragingly, she smiled at him, and Shooter almost made the mistake of believing her, as her eyes literally screamed for him to agree. Dryly, he swallowed as he realized that even this bit of pity was fake.  
  
Disappointed, he shook his head; he had expected too much from people and decided he had had enough. With a sly smile, he agreed with the presenter - he would have, anyway, if the ceiling hadn't collapsed at that moment. Wildly, they all screamed in confusion, he noticed something. An intruder was there, having gained entry by force. Searching, his eyes slid through the hall, completely forgetting the humiliation, he concentrated everything to protect these people.   
  
Then he spotted him and his heart skipped a beat. It was his nemesis, "the breaker." The atmosphere in the recording room was tense, the camera stood still, watching his every move, and then a slow, almost tentative clap sounded. Louder and louder it resounds through the huge shooting hall. A murmur went through the crowd, Shooter put his finger to the trigger and cursed his luck.   
"Long time no see, Breaker." Shooter forced himself to break the silence, to draw all attention to himself. If it were up to him, he would bury himself deep and just forget about this whole day.  
"What brings you to this beautiful studio, if you don't mind me asking?" He tried to elicit information from his counterpart and maybe even stall a little, but he wasn't kidding himself, Breaker was no novice.   
"My dear Shooter, I wasn't actually planning on stopping by today, even villains need to take a day off sometimes, but then I saw your wonderful show you're shooting so beautifully right now - and I couldn't not visit. It was just too fun."  
  
Then he turned his attention away from Shooter and turned instead to the presenters. He grinned jauntily at them from behind his mask and walked toward them, swaying his hips. "Well, Mister and Miss Moderator, I must say, respect. Even I, as a bad guy, have to tip my hat, I couldn't have done it better." Overwhelmed, they looked at him, not knowing themselves what he was talking about, but too intimidated to even think of a response.  
  
As if the show would go on as usual, Breaker sat down on the sofa where the presenters had been sitting just a few minutes ago and made himself comfortable.  
"Would you cut the rip cord on your parachute if you fell? No?" Surprised, he raised his eyebrow as if he couldn't believe them. "How funny, because that's exactly what you just did. You made a fool of the only person who can save you in front of several thousand people - only the an idiot would think of such a thing, right? Who do you think risked his life to stop me? Protected your pathetic lives? I would have expected more from you. Shooter is my nemesis, I have the right to attack, insult and ultimately kill him - you do not. If it weren't for Shooter, you'd all be seeing the turnips growing out of the ground by now." With a grim grin, he threw back his head and burst out laughing. Briskly, he rose and gave Shooter a quick wink. With the corners of his mouth twitching, Breaker watched as the camera crew abruptly took a step back.   
  
"I think my day of rest is officially over." Then he turned his head to the cameraman and fixed him with his gaze. Before the man was even able to scream, Breaker already had him. Like a child who had found a new toy and now wants to show it to his friends, Breaker walked back in front of the camera and presented the kicking cameraman, whose face was slowly turning blue.  
  
"So let me ask you a question: How many people are watching this wonderful show right now?" Expectantly, he looked at the cameraman. Desperately, the cameraman struggled in his grip, in a vain attempt to wriggle out of it, until he realized that he would run out of air before he could do so. Panic spread through his eyes at the thought of dying, and so he was all the more desperate to answer the question.  
"Eight hundred thousand nine hundred," he pressed out with difficulty, expecting to be spared. But Breaker seemed to have forgotten him, completely lost in thought he looked at the ruined ceiling.  
"Eight hundred thousand nine hundred, I guess I'll have some work to do then" he muttered indistinctly and slowly a smile appeared on his lips.