Part I: My New Life 
The married woman’s name: Nadia
The teen’s name: Suzumiya-Kun (Kei)


I gasp for air as I get up. I looked around and notice I am in a small, messy room. Wasn’t I just hit by a truck?

 
“Ah!” I said in shock, looking at posters of girl bands and photographs of people I do not know. I lean closer to the photos and I recognized the high schooler I rescued. 


“What’s going on…” I began to panic and I notice an unfamiliar body staring back at me in the mirror.

“No, no, no, no” I touched my face and screamed.

AHHHH!!!

I heard footsteps rush up to my room, a woman around my age opening the door. “Kei, sweetie, are you okay?”

“Who are you?”

The woman raises her eyebrow. “It’s me, your mother. Are you okay?”

I began to pace back and forth. “This is crazy, I need to find my husband and kids. Do you have your phone on you?”

My mother looked at me in shock. “What are you talking about? Get ready for your school field trip, you’re going to Adventure Waterpark. Your bag is already made, and the bus will be waiting downstairs in 10 minutes.”

“I need to call my husband!” I said. 

My mother shakes her head. “I don’t know what joke you’re playing here, but it’s on you if you miss your field trip.” She walks away, leaving the door ajar.

I slumped on the floor. This is horrendous, I am in a teenager’s body. She called him Kei? Ughh where is my body? 

I get up. Well, maybe if I go to the field trip and find a little bit more about the area he’s in, I can find my family. I decide to get dressed and go out the door.

A large bus picks me up, and I begin to sweat as I see a large group of teenagers talking and laughing. I hear a hoard of people say hi to me. 


Good morning, Suzumiya-Kun!
Good morning! 
Hey Suzumiya-Kun!



A short brunette girl waves her arms at me. “Suzumiya-Kun! sit with me!”

A blonde girl sits up. “Suzumiya-Kim, you said you would sit with me today!”

I do not know what’s happening here, but as a woman with two daughters, I feel more comfortable sitting next to women. I sit next to the brunette and say hello. 

Her eyes glisten. “I am so happy you are here. I missed you a lot.” 

I hesitated. “Uh, hello, where are we going exactly? “

The brunette blinked. “Adventure Waterpark. Why? Did you forget your swimming trunks?”

“Oh, no, I didn’t. I was just wondering where this Waterpark is located. What part of town?”

The girl frowned. “I don’t really know. I just get on the bus and enjoy my day.”

Okay, typical response form a high schooler. I am not getting much information here.

The girl speaks again. “You’re acting differently. Are you okay? Even the way you sit is different, it’s like you’re shy.”

Oh no, what do I say? 
“No, im fine, just nervous.”

She blushes and puts her head on my shoulder. “You’re so sweet Suzumiya-Kun.”

I freeze and try not to look freaked out. This child is on me! Is this how high schoolers are these days? 

I gently move further away from her. She gives me a puzzled look. “Sorry, uh, friend. I don’t feel comfortable getting too close to people.”

The brunette’s eyes begin to tear. “But we’ve done this before, what’s changed?”

Oh my goodness, she’s so sensitive. Okay, let me make it less harsh. 

“I just want some space to myself for now, nothing to do with you at all.” I respond. 

We sit in silence for the rest of the ride. 


—


At the Waterpark, the high schoolers are having fun trying out different rides. Many of my male and female classmates come up to me to go on rides for them, but I refuse.

The blonde girl who asked me to sit with her before, comes up to me. “Suzumiya-kun, go on at least one ride with me. You have been moping around all day. Enjoy one ride.” She stands in front of me and waits. 

“I am okay, I don’t want to go on any rides.” I say. 

She pouts, then grabs my hand. “I am going to drag you to the super adventure slide, it’s the best one, and it will lift your mood.”

The brunette, eavesdropping, approaches us. “You know what, I think he needs two people to drag him!” 

They dragged me as I protested.

These high schoolers are so stubborn. My poor daughters are going to have a rough time when they’re older. 

I get to the front of the large water slide and take a deep breath. They both push me down the slide as I scream, hearing the echoes of their giggles. My terrorizing scream turned into a joyful scream with laughter. “Woo-hoo!”

I haven’t felt this excited since leaving my old body. I continued to enjoy the day with the girls and we went shopping for souvenirs and snacks.



Part II: The Reunion 


The bus dropped me off at home, and I looked around the neighborhood. I found out that Kei lives ten minutes away from my home by walking. I walk in a familiar direction, seeing the familiar white home that I knew as Nadia. 

I knocked on the door and when there was no response, I took out the spare key. The door clicked open and I went inside. 

My jaw dropped when I saw my original self, Nadia, playing a game on the computer. She had a bag of chips on the side, with crumbs on the floor. 

“Kei Suzumiya!” I shouted.

Kei, in my old body, turns around terrified. 

“Oh my gosh! It’s me! What happened?” He responded. 

I kicked my dining table. “I jumped in to save you from a moving truck yesterday. I thought I died, but it seems like we switched bodies instead.”

Kei’s eyes widened. “So we both died and instead of being dead, we are trapped in different bodies?” 

I nodded. “What did you do all day, you look weirdly comfortable.”

He turned the chair around. “I freaked out this morning. Your husband said he was going to work and your mom took the kids to school. He thought I wasn’t feeling well because I was acting weird. He helped me take a day off of work.”

I shook my head. “And you didn’t try to find your family or friends?”

He answers, “I called my mom from your phone, but she thought it was a prank call, you know, since I sound like a girl. So I just stayed here and played games.”

Wow…he is truly unremarkable. Why does he have so many girls at school after him? 

“Get off my computer. If you don’t want to be a thirty year old woman for the rest of your life, we better think of something.” I said. 

Kei was panicking. “Ugh I don’t want to be an old lady!!”

I took much offense to that, but I took a deep breath. “I just want to see my family again, I miss them and of things are back to normal, I will cherish them even more.” I crouched on the floor with a hand over my heart. 

Kei was also teary eyed. “I miss my mom. She always makes me breakfast and she’s always there for me. And I miss all my friends at school.” 

Suddenly, their bodies froze and they both fainted. They immediately got back up in surprise. 

Feeling their bodies, a cry of joy came out, “we’re in our normal bodies!”

They gave a grateful hug. Nadia pulled away and smiled. “Now get out of here and get back to your family you little rascal. Watch the street both ways before you cross.”

Kei laughed. “Yes ma’am, I’ll be more careful from now on, I promise. 



He left the house, and walked back to his house. He crossed the street. “I can’t wait to get home…” 

“Watch out!” An older man came from behind, as a truck struck them. 

THE END