"It had to be ribbed, didn't it?" Asher thought, staggering forward as a blow from the butt of a guard's electrorifle ejected him from the elevator. He tried to regain his balance, but to no avail; his left knee buckled, and, too fatigued to recover himself, he found himself staring downward, his chest heaving as he watched drops of blood from his nose and mouth slowly growing a crimson puddle on the polished marble floor beneath him.

"Leave us" boomed an unfamiliar baritone voice, whose echo seemed somehow louder than its intonation. That voice, thought Asher as a shiver wended its way down his spine, was the very audible embodiment of power; had he possessed the physical strength to collect himself in that moment, he might have been compelled to obey, for such was the magnitude of authority that this voice seemed to exude.

No sooner was the order spoken than the elevator doors hissed and shut, and Asher knew that he was now alone with the owner of the voice. With great effort, he tore his gaze away from the now fist-sized puddle of blood on the floor, lifted his chin, and darted his eyes around the room, searching for this mysterious source of this command.

"Whom," came that same magnificent voice, "do you think you are, to do as you have done?"

Asher tried in vain to muster a reply, but sputtered and coughed instead, sending a wave of blood down his chin. He breathed heavily for a moment, gathering what little strength he had left in order to try commanding his tongue once more: "I am Asher, of Ser-"

"Silence!"

He had not the strength to resist, and fell silent. "I must not surrender," he thought, "I will not obey." These thoughts repeated themselves as a broken record as Asher groped for the strength to finish proclaiming his identity, yet he could not summon the strength to speak again.

"You mistake me for some common fool, to think I do not already know WHO YOU ARE. Now listen closely, for that is not what I asked you, and rest assured, I know more about your history than you yourself. Things you would not wish to remember, even if you could - these secrets, and much more, belong to me.

"So I ask you again - and do not test my patience a second time - whom do you BELIEVE yourself to be?"

For a moment, the only sound was that of Asher's labored breath. He wondered if this was some sick game; what kind of question was that, anyway? He resolved himself to silence - if this was a game, then it was one he would refuse to play.

The voice chuckled. To Asher's surprise, it was not a sinister laugh, as from a villain in one of Master Barachi's old motion pictures; no, though it lasted  only a few seconds, the laughter seemed to contain unmistakable elements of childlike glee and genuine excitement, which Asher found most inappropriate to the situation at hand. Who would laugh like that, under these circumstances? Who laughed like that at all anymore?

As the laughter faded to a natural ending, its sound was replaced by the soft, mechanical whirring of an exosuit's motion, punctuated by footsteps. A polished black leather dress shoe intruded into Asher's vision, breaking the crimson puddle to which he had returned his gaze before him and sending a small splatter of blood outward across the immaculate marble floor.

Slowly, Asher lifted his chin a second time to confront his mysterious interlocutor...

(I'm out of time for now; to be continued later today)

P.S. this is my first WP response - should I provide notes/exposition for where I'm going with this, or keep the suspense? For instance, I plan to reveal in the next paragraph or two that everyone in this society wears exosuits, which provide superhuman strength, speed, and endurance, at the cost of allowing The Corporation (working name) to periodically "reset" and reshape the minds of anyone who steps out of line; Asher's "superpower" is that he has discovered that these exosuits are not purely beneficial to humanity (as everyone else in his society believes them to be) and trained himself to live without one. He's also capable of hacking older models of exosuits (not those worn by the superclass, including but not limited to the CEO and his lackeys), which allows him to easily cripple ordinary foes. There are twists in store for what kind of role the CEO is going to play (hinted at it with the strange, out-of-place laughter bit), and for "seeing the stars," which I'll leave unexplained for now.