Stephen and Darius laughed, faces twisted into near caricatures of themselves. They were barely amateur wizards, and yet they took every opportunity and expense to laugh at me. Nothing like punching down on your inferiors, no matter the grand scheme of things.

“This guy’s a terrible wizard!” Stephen sneered.

Previously, I’ve tolerated them. Not out of preference, but of necessity. Crude magic users they might be, but it was still magic. There was nothing a normal human could do to prevent a fireball from burning them up. But things have changed.

“I’m no longer your punching bag,” I said. “I’m a wizard now.”

Outwardly, I figured it was calm. But inside, a tumultuous storm of emotions brewed within me. The pair’s visages darkened, stone gargoyles guarding an exclusive entrance—wizardry.

“Impossible,” Darius said.

Stephen simply chuckled, one hand weaving into an intricate motion. I held up one hand, clenching it into a fist.

“I can cast punch.”

The two stood there, as stunned as statues. I expected them to burst out laughing, but instead, incredulity flooded their faces. Question marks might as well have spawned around their heads.

“What do you mean, you cast punch?” Darius said. “That’s not possible.”

“You don’t even have mana,” Stephen finally said. “There’s no spell you can cast.”

“It takes no energy for me to cast my punch,” I said.

“Cast punch? But that’s impossible,” Darius said. “The muscles involved expend energy. You need to move your—”

“I cast punch.”

He was swiftly interrupted by a haymaker. It was not thrown from my own fist. Rather, it came from seemingly out of nowhere, a perfectly centered hit on his right cheek. His face contorted into incredulity, mouth so wide open that an anaconda would be immensely jealous.

A startled Stephen took one step back, while Darius held the side of his face in pain. The two looked around frantically, eyes scanning every possible atom, but the truth was right there—I had not moved.

“What the hell? You could have broken my jaw!” Darius cried. Fear seeped into his words, lifting every syllable in a panic.

Darius received another punch to his face. After all, his mouth was wide open. It was simply too tempting.

“My jaw!”

“What’s going on?” Stephen cried. “You are going to get it now! Once I get this fireball off, you’ll—”

Punch to the gut. Stephen bent double over, his spindly, scholarly body desperately wheezing for air.

“Now,” I smiled. “You two are my punching bags.”

The bully pair turned towards each other. Their eyes shone with recognition—they were no longer the masters of the situation. With wounded growls, they turned and started booking it.

In a way, Stephen was right. I had no mana. I might never will.

But I had my body. And to a wizard’s level, it was a physique honed to near impossible levels, like magic would looked to a normal human. Casting punch took virtually no effort, and there was practically no cooldown. 

“Fools,” I muttered, clenching my fists tight. “I will not stand being bullied any longer.”

---

r/dexdrafts