"PONG!"

The is the sound that a sub-sonic sniper round makes when glancing off the side of my head. My guess was the British again. The American threat had been dealt with last week; their sniper teams were certainly re-evaluating their modus operandum concerning myself, that's for sure. I listened carefully, filtering out the sounds I didn't need... There. A gasp from... that direction. Heat vision showed me the heat plume of my guy, almost hidden behind a stone wall on the other side of my farm. I flew over slowly, watching him spot me, and lurch to his feet, unsure of what to do with his now-useless rifle, or the ghillie suit he was wearing or the weapon case he had brought his rifle in. There was a brief  pause while the available data was processed, then the rifle was dropped, and he took off on foot, shedding equipment as he ran. Camouflage netting, helmet, ballistic glasses and adorably, hearing protectors. Hearing protectors? Lol.

I landed just behind him, and had almost caught him when there was a very commendable explosion. I was hurled fifty or more feet into the air. Buried explosives. The rifle shot was just the bait. The tactical run across an explosive trap... I had to say I was impressed. The Brits had upped their game significantly.

Unharmed in any way despite the size of the explosion, I zoomed down and grabbed the man who had just tried to kill me. Uh, woman. I mean her. I mean the woman - because it was a woman - who tried to kill me. This was a bit unusual. 

"Who are you, who do you work for?" I held her up at arm's length, like a mother holding a baby. Word to the wise - immediate interrogation of a subject, even before they can start processing the trauma of what just happened, often elicits a great deal of information.

"I'm Jill, Jill Beakerton" - heartrate is already elevated and all over the place, the usual bodily cues for lying are unavailable, but on balance I think she is telling the truth.

"Who do you work for, Jill?" The British aren't as bad as the Americans with their alphabet soup of 'security' and 'intelligence' agencies, but they aren't that far behind either. It could be any one of a dozen such organizations, some of which the British public are completely ignorant of.

"No one, I'm by myself". What? Big sniff of explosive residue. Hmm, chemically identical to commercial grade mining explosives. Not what I'd imagine the Brits would use. The British government has access to far better stuff than that. Puzzle. Explosive choice could be intended to lend an air of deniability. On the other hand, any attempt to kill me would call for the use of the most powerful stuff around. It isn't as if you are going to get too many chances. I tend to get angry and react badly when people try to murder me. Jill just had me a bit - I'll admit it - flustered. 

I put her down, and gestured for her to walk beside me. "Why did you try to kill me?". She looked at me, uncertain, then looked down at her feet as she walked. "The bounty...". A bounty? This was new. "How much?" She looked at me again. "A billion dollars". That... was in fact quite a bit of cash. I could have done with some of that. "And where did you get the explosives?" 

"I signed up to try for the bounty. I was trained by, I don't know who. Americans and British and French and Koreans, I think. There was a camp, lots of people were being trained there. I didn't know who was in charge, I signed up online and was interviewed and taken by closed panel van to a training camp. In Scotland, I think."

Once Jill had started talking, everything came out in a flow. The words wouldn't stop. I tuned her out, and thought carefully about the implications of what she was saying. This was bad.

I looked at her properly, and x-ray vision showed me what was really going on here. She almost certainly had no clue. 

Now heat vision is great, but it isn't precise, you know? It isn't like a laser, it's more like, well heat vision, I guess. But I did the best I could. I pushed Jill, and as she fell, I focused as well as I could, and cut her open just below her ribcage. I reached in and as carefully as I could took out what had been placed inside, then boom, I took off. I hit about thirty thousand feet or so when it detonated. I honestly didn't think they could make them that small. But I can tell you from experience that yes, they can. The light briefly blinded me, and the force metaphorically knocked me on my ass. I was not harmed, but I was shocked, and surprised. Anyone looking straight at the detonation would probably go blind, but I think it was high enough that the force of the nuclear device did little harm otherwise. 

I flew down, grabbed Jill, and flew her to the nearest hospital. Then, I took a trip to Scotland. I found the camp pretty quickly. I destroyed it. Completely. I then flew to the Prime Minister's residence at Number 10 Downing Street, and introduced myself. I grabbed him by the throat, and told him in no uncertain terms that any further adventures by the British or the Americans, or by Anyone Else would be met with the Use Of Excessive Force. I pointed out that a nuclear detonation of a device I had been holding in my hand had not harmed me. I re-iterated that I was effectively invulnerable, and that I just wanted to be left alone. 

I then flew to Jill's bedside. I stayed by her side as she recovered, and Jill and I became close. My heat vision surgery had saved her life, and hadn't caused too much damage. Jill had been mostly suffering from shock and blood loss upon admission, and bounced back fairly quickly. I like her. She's spunky. And as soon as I get my courage up, I'm going to ask her out to the movies tomorrow night.