Swansong crashes into the hunter's shield, trapping his left arm as Helicity pushes past his axe - a good weapon against werewolves. Misinformed, though -  no werewolves in the near vicinity - a job well done by the Department for Protective Misdirection. I make a note to congratulate Espionage-Brigadier Hillmore Gillifs for his division's diligence.

Helicity slices a shallow gash across the hunter's forearm, his wince a gritty reminder of a war long past. Shit. Focus, *focus*! My mental slip has left me open, and the large axe-head descends toward my chest. I slip sideways, catching the haft on Swansong's flat. The blade catches the axe-head as I spin behind the would-be hero's back, jamming Helicity into his shield arm, my momentum spinning the axe out of the hunter's right hand.

I yank Helicity out of the arm, spinning a few feet past. He wails. Perfect.

Pulling  out a cloth, a wipe Helicity and Swansong down carefully, sheathing them with a satisfying *ssschhhiiinnk!*, drawing bandages out of a waist pouch. I kneel at the hunter's side, wrapping both forearms in white cloth, scoffing at his sniveling. I'd hit no arteries - too experienced for that.

"Name, Occupation, and Age?"

He ignores me, focusing on his arms. I grin, reaching to my belt, fingers closing around faithful Xylophone, a greensteel dagger forged in the depths of the Hellspit. I whip it out, holding it out against the hunter's neck. "Name, Occupation, Age, NOW!!"

He gulps. "Rissig Makatrin, Sergeant-at-arms for Duke Assamoir Himmikrol, 34."

I smiled wider, attempting genuine kindness. I fail. "Well, Rissig, I think you may have made some assumptions about our global non-human companions that may not quite fit reality. I am Sergeant Major Jaquer Namanis, Division 17 of the Department for Supernatural Protection, and I'm here to set you to rights."

I sheathe Xylophone as I stand, drawing my sabers. "You've met Swansong and Helicity, I know. That little cute one that just left your neck is called Xylophone, and I've one more," - I sheathe my blades, reaching to my boot -  "called Rhythm."

I draw it, a dragon-scale dagger enchanted with a fire-shield. An iridescent thing of beauty glossed in purple and black, it leaves a haze of heat around it, the miasma pulsing in time with my heartbeat.

"And, Sergeant-at-arms Rissig Makatrin, if I, or any from my Department, catch you attempting to harm any of the non-humans that we are privileged to share our land with, you will be summarily executed. Whether Swansong or Helicity, Xylophone or Rhythm, or any of the weapons belonging to my comrades, you *will* die. In an instant. No warning, no third chance. Just death. Understood?"

 He nods, gulping again. I'm not convinced - I'll be seeing him again. Unfortunately - I think.

Some things can't be helped.