The world was finally running like clockwork. Eunice was thrilled to step onto a clean and perfectly maintained subway car in New York City.  Nary a speck of dirt anywhere. Not a single roach or single rat. It looked so spotless and shiny it could be mistaken for public transportation in any Pre-Collapse city that wasn't NYC. It was very nearly Japonesque in its tidiness. 

The survivors could travel anywhere in the country swiftly and comfortably on the new bullet trains. 

Honestly, Eunice had no idea why her fellow survivors weren't as equally thrilled about the infrastructure that the zombies rebuilt. 

Did they want to go back to the bad old days where all their tax dollars were squandered on the Defense budget? 

Where they had to do drudge work, day in and day out for meagre pay? 

Where they had to scrape together enough dollars for food, utilities, and rent on a shabby box of an apartment? 

*\*sigh\**

Some people were so *ungrateful*! 

Sure, the Virus had killed off billions but its not as if the human race would go extinct. 1:10,000 turned out to be nearly a million souls!  

Eunice was heartbroken over her dead friends, relatives, lovers, coworkers too! 

However, thanks to the Virus, Eunice discovered a talent she wouldn't have otherwise and she was the type of person who believed that if life gives you lemons, make lemonade. 

Or make some zombies that will bring you a glass of fresh squeezed lemonade on a fancy silver tray. 

So the human race was mostly not living but that didn't mean polite society had to collapse. 

Indeed, civilization had never been more civilized. Or punctual. Or clean. Or egalitarian. 

The living could live well doing what they pleased. 

There were zombies that farmed, zombies that cleaned, zombies that worked in factories. Zombies that planted trees and cleaned up trash from the beach. Zombie dog walkers. Zombie bus drivers. Zombie actors and zombie doctors and zombie athletes.

There *were* zombie cooks but the other survivors kicked up a fuss. 

Ditto: zombie nannies. 

Why people would immediately stop trusting someone when they died really baffled Eunice. Was a non-beating heart really that much of a deal breaker for childcare? Sheesh! 

There were also zombies that picked up the more distasteful survivors in a bear hug and marched them away from Eunice's offended sight. 

No, sir, I don't think the female survivors should be forced to breed 10 kids each to "save" humanity! 

Also, just because most of the ladies are dead doesn't mean rules about consent go out the window. So if the young lady said 'no' to you before she passed away, young man, the answer is still 'no'!

Other than a few trifling annoyances like excessive groaning from her fellow passengers, un-life for Eunice was pretty fine.