''Okay...'' I mumble, somewhat confused. ''I call a million Dollars?''

A suitcase falls down and springs open on impact. Inside are hundreds of $100 bills. 

''Are they real tho? And where do they come from?'' I decide to take them to a store to test them out. ''Blast, that's right, I'm in Europe. They use Euro's here'' Maybe a bank is a beter option. I put as many of the bills back in the suitcase as I can, hoping nobody noticed. As I walk away I turn back to look at the literal bullshit that is still there on the pavement. ''Clean that up?'' I say, not really sure what to expect. As it vanishes I realize I could have some incredible power and could do some amazing things. Or get super rich very quickly, we'll see. For now, off to the bank. I decide it best to only test a few of the bills and to not show up with a briefcase full, as to not set off any alarms. 

''But how will I explain where I found a few hundred dollar bills and why am I unsure if they're real?'' I mull it over as I am walking. Finally as I arrive I've got the perfect story, at least I think it's prefect, I've been wrong in the past. 

''Hello, I say to the teller at the bank. I would like to test if these bills are real. You see, I got them from a friend from the States a few weeks back in exchange for some stuff I helped him with in the past but he was recently arrested for making fake money so I wanted to see if these were real or if he'd ripped me off.'' 

''Okay sir, no problem. I'll see what I can do.'' She goes to a room at the back and comes out a few minutes later with a small device. 

''This will help us know if your bills are real dollar bills or not. We have a few of these around here for the purpose of knowing of people are trying to exchange fraudulent foreign money. Which is a surprisingly common crime. They think we wont' know the difference and they can walk out with whatever their fraudulent money should be worth according to the exchange rate.'' She explains, whilst putting a few of the bills into the machine.

''I see, and how does it know if it's real or not?'' I ask, curious about the function of the contraption.

''Well, all money these days has a few things that aren't visible to the naked eye imbeded to prevent fraud. So this machine checks them and reads the serial number to know if it's real or not and whether or not it's stolen. However the database can sometimes take a few weeks to update so we make sure to store the necessary data until the next update. Then we can tell if it's stolen or not.'' The machine appears to be done, a green light turn on and the teller gives me the bills back. ''There you go, real US dollars. Would you like to exchange them or would you like to keep them?''

''Oh'' I am mildly surprised to learn they re real, I'd half expected the police to come bursting through the door and arrest me. ''Well yes, I'd like to exchange them please. And can you deposit the amount directly into my bank account?'' 

''Certainly, however this can take a few days to process through our computer system.'' She smiles and places the bills into a small metal box. ''Could I have your card please? I'll just need it to know which account to transfer it to.''

''No worries, here you go.'' I respond, elated, as I hand over my card. The briefcase in my hand has never felt more valuable now that I know it's real. However, I realise I could just speed it up and deposit the money into my account immediately. After all, hadn't I just summoned this money from the skies, out of nowhere? Hadn't I cleaned up the back of cow manure with a single sentence? As I leave the bank a few minutes later, I look up to the skies, as that's where I presume my mystery benefactor must be. 

''Speed this up a little? I've had my eye on a nice house and I'd like to buy it before someone else does.'' Not seeing immediate change, I pull out my phone, on the top I still see the notification: ''Omnipotence acquired.''

As I check my banking app, I see a few hundred Euro's have been added. ''Cool, I trust you can put this money on there too? According to the exchange rates and everything?'' As I look down at my phone again, I see a few hundred thousand Euro's on my account,more money than all the money I'd ever had in my, admittedly only 20, years I'd walked on this planet. 

''I assume you, or I, can fix world hunger and stuff too?'' I get a new notification on my phone: ''Possible, but not recommended.''