Absentmindedly I refresh the website's wanted listings. They upped my bounty again. I am now three times more valuable than the second most wanted criminal who is the leader of an organized crime syndicate based in Polynesia. The list hardly elicited any emotion from me anymore. I used to get aggravated seeing my name next to heinous criminals until my bounty grew so comedically high that the top ten grew to be the top ten plus me. For a while, the rising number was even mildly amusing as well as strangely validating. Unfortunately, the novelty of the experience wore off after the bounty hunters and supposedly covert government agents became a pesky fixture of my life.

I suppose I understand the fundamental reason why every able-bodied hero, villain, bounty hunter and government agent is after me but understanding the reason doesn't make it any less dumb. *Super dangerous thing needs to be put into responsible hands or destroyed*. Newsflash, there is no government or organization that has responsible hands nor am I a *thing* that needs to be destroyed.

Energy in the air rippled as living things entered my... field of vision? Field of sensation? Several people entered my *\~domain\~*. They are about five kilometers out, further than their records suggest I can sense. My domain has grown larger and stronger due to constant use as I protect myself from the unending siege on my head. They invaders are climbing up a mountain searching for something. I watched them idly, I could teleport away anytime I want but watching my hunters and learning from them could save me from a nasty surprise in the future. Eventually they reached a clearing on the mountainside and stopped, setting up camp. Weird for them to chill for any amount of time especially when they radiate so much anxiety.

*Oh, they want to snipe me*. A good strategy honestly, ambushes are quote-unquote *dirty tactics* but that is because they are ridiculously effective and can let the little guy school the big guy. Being considered the big guy in this scenario felt wrong, *I* am the one being hunted by everyone after all.

The group started strategizing with the sniper at the center of the discussion. There was the guy who helps the sniper aim, there was a guy there for communication back to their boss, there was a guy who appeared to have psychic abilities in charge of watching me and there was a guy with super speed who could get to me immediately to  attack or confirm my death. Decent line up, too bad my power is just way too overwhelming.

There probably is an official name somewhere in a government manila folder, but I call it Cosmos. What else can I call it?  In its most basic, watered down description, it allows me to be one with the universe. The space around me is an extension of my senses so I could feel the leaves from the tree canopy outside my cabin. I can slide through space like I am scooting over from one end of a couch to another. I can force other things in my space to slip to send them wherever I want. Then there is the potential. When I was young I realized that I could become much more dangerous than I could ever imagine, so I never used my powers out of fear. Clearly that secret was spilled which started my life as a fugitive, forcing me to exercise the strength I avoided.

Oops, forgot about the assassins. The sniper was in the prone position now, in his hands an odd tube that must be  his weapon of  choice. Maybe a secret government project? Portable Rail gun? Lazer? Upgraded rocket launcher? I should wait until the last moment to  stop it so they don't know I can see them at this distance. The psychic confirmed I have not actively used any powers - technically I am passively using my power - and that I have not made any suspicious movements. Good thing he's not good. The spotter was telling the sniper about wind speed and direction, distance, curvature of the earth, bullet air time, the Coriolis Effect and a long list of other factors. *This* guy is good but too bad for them he is not helpful. What even is the distance of this shot? Three miles? That's stupid far! I kinda want to see them hit the target. That will have to wait for another time, a time I am not the target.

The sniper was given the go ahead by the guy in charge of communications and the small clearing on the mountain fell silent. My room fell silent. Standing, I went to my window and opened it. The psychic tensed. The shot fired.

Wow. No matter how fast that  projectile is moving, it will take some time to travel the distance from the mountain to my lonely, little valley cabin. The people on the mountain are arguing now, maybe I stood up too soon, accidentally showing my hand. I'll be fine anyways. Here it comes.

Wait, what's that? Clever... very clever. They are simultaneously dropping something from orbit. Ambush. What did I say? Very effective. Usually. I wanted to keep the cabin, but the location has already been compromised. Nah, I'll save it, the cabin can be used as a back up hide-away sometime in the future.

The universe warped around me. The projectile slipped slightly shifting its trajectory by a degree or two causing the bullet to fly way off target into the distance. The orbital drop is slightly trickier since its impact would be closer to that of a small nuke. Instead of a redirection, I waited until it nearly hit my roof then pulled the kinetic energy out of the orbital drop and evenly into the surrounding three square miles. My roof shingles rattled, windows shook, leaves fell of their branches and speedy guy freaked and fell on his ass. Panicked, he very quickly dashed out of my range in a desperate escape.

I sighed. That's that. Where should I hide next? The mountains are really pretty but chilly, maybe a beach? I'll just follow a coastline until I find an isolated, warm beach. If I go without shoes or a shirt, can I hope to have no problems? Taking one last look around my quaint cabin I slipped through space, watching the environment morph into warmer and sandier places.