
Well the apocalypse happened, more than half the world destroyed in less than a year, with more dying every day. Succumbed to a sickness. A sickness I created. 

To be honest, I didnt mean to it. But I also don't really care that it happened. The dead aren't dead to me, I can still communicate and control them. That's just who I am. I think they're better that way, no more plotting or scheming or any of that. I tell them what to do and they do it. They can't complain, because their dead. 

I should probably tell you what happened. You see, when I was about 6 years old my dog died. It had bitten me ealier that day and had suddenly died of a mysterious sickness within a few hours. All mysterious deaths had to be reported to the Council of Mages and they had sent a representative to investigate. Most of the time, they just found mundane causes of death. But I guess I was a reason they still investigate. You see, the mage found that the dog died to a cursed sickness, and upon further investigation, said that I had caused it. The mage had said that I had to come to the academy, so that I could be trained and what not. But I didnt want to go. I threw a tantrum, and tried to convince the mage and my parents that the dog was okay. And that's when I first discovered the true extent of my abilities, as I then brought the dog back to some form of life. It wasn't alive per say, but its wasn't 'dead' anymore either. I had then set the dog on the mage, but the mage just set the dog on fire. As the dog burned, still trying to crawl its way to the mage, I can still remember the look on my mother's face. She was horrified. She called me a monster and had begged the mage to take me away. I still didn't understand, and I guess that's where a seed of hatred had begun to root itself in me. The mage had then taken me to the academy and I later found out my parents had died that same day too. To the sickness. To my sickness.

Anyways, at the academy, they tried to train me. And as I got older I got stronger with my abilities. My peers at the academy always treated me like i was something distasteful, they would find ways to bully me. They would put bugs in my bed, lock me in classrooms, and well, I could go on but that's not the point. Whenever I complained to my teachers, the teachers would take the side of my peer, saying it was somehow my fault. Eventually, that seed of hatred had grown, and in a fit of wrath, over something that I dont even remember now, some of my peers and teachers died suddenly to my sickness. They should have been protected from their protective spells, but I guess my power was stronger. The Council decided that I was to dangerous, and that measures had to be taken to protect the people around me. It was against their rules to sentence death, hence they decided to locked me away. Well I guess they were right, I was dangerous. You, see after a few months of being in that cold damp cell, the hatred in me was unbearable. The small creature in my cell started dying, and once they did died, I had control over them. I learnt to precisely control them and then had a small dead bettle crawl into the lock on the door and unlock the door. The guards had tried to stop me, but I was so full of hatred at that point that they just dropped dead instantly. I walk free for the first time in a long time, and the hatred and wrath bubbled out of me like a volcano finally erupting. 

Soon my sickness had spread out across the country, and the world. Some survived it, and those who knew it came from me tried to kill me. But with every death, I had a new person to add to my new army to protect me. The survivors that tried to fight me, to destroy me, well my army would kill them. I dont regret any of it. My mother had called me a monster. I guess I fulfilled her expectations.

*First time writing a short story. Hope you like it.