"But...this place is my home!" He stopped pacing around and stared at me in annoyance, "You've died 349 times in this place...and yet still you call this place 'home?" 

My brother doesn't understand. Yes, I did die in my own home, but the thing is that I died too quickly to give my death any thought. The many times I've seen my death, I still think the same. He thinks I'm insane. He walks over, looking at the murderer.... with hate. He comes up in front of me with where I was standing in the hall in front of my corpse, and shuts the door. We're transported back to the hall of memories. 

"You know you have to move on. You have to accept the reality of what happened." 

"But it is reality! The place of my death is my own home. That is where I had most of my happiest memories. Look!" As I said by pointing to and waving my finger in the air. "The flower printed wall, the creaking porch that would announce the coming of our father, the smell of old albums from our attic, and best of all...my bedroom!" 

I look back at his face, a face of anger and impatience now. He hasn't moved anywhere. He is really wants me to go somewhere that I don't know, the place that I must achieve if I move on. 

"You know you can't stay forever" He shouts.

"Yes I can!" I yell. "I can go through my happy memories and experience them again!" 

He immediately composes himself, but even if he tries to calm himself down, his emotions get the better of him. 

"You'll just be a lingering shadow in the corners of the house. You'll be unwelcomed  because  you don't belong in that realm anymore! Our parents, siblings and friends will fear your presence! Including yourself!"  


"They won't feel scared of me, they'll know who I am!" 

"You have to know the reality that bad things can happen. You can't be stuck in it!"  


"But I am not-" Suddenly my brother falls onto his knees, looking at me with tears dropping one by one on the floor. 

"Yes you are. You're trying to ignore what happened by reminiscing about the past, thinking that your death never happened."