Out of the blue I got a message on the dating app, I had been in a slump for a while and things were looking pretty bleak. The person who tagged me was tall blonde and Scandinavian, I saw the pictures on the dating app and thought holy cow she is definitely out of my league. Why is she contacting me? Someone is catfishing me was my second thought. In retrospect if I only had been that lucky. 

I immediately looked at her profile and was stunned by what I saw. Tall blonde Scandinavian and out of my league. Her profile said she enjoyed Canadian Football, rugby league, Mixed Martial Arts, violent movies, sailing and military history.  
  
As I read her profile I thought there is no way this is a real person but I was in the slump to end all slumps and thought what the hell do you have to lose? Let's roll the dice and lets see where this goes. If someone is catfishing me this should be a interesting to see who really shows up. So I set up a date with her that first night thinking that no way in hell is she going to show up. This can't be a real person.  
  
So I started the DM chain with her.  
  
Me: How about we meet for drinks at Fred's Bar and Grill? Tonight at 8 pm?  
Freyja: Great - looking forward to meeting you.  
Me: You need an address?  
Freyja: I can find it. See you soon. XOXO.  
Me: Great see you there.  
  
As I read the DM exchange I knew that sure as heck this was a trap or some kind of catfishing adventure because no woman that hot throws out the XOXO in the first DM exchange.   
  
What I didn't tell her or him or them was that Fred's Bar and Grill was a little bit sketchy, actually who was I kidding it was a lot sketchy. At any rate I figured this would be interesting to see if anyone showed up as Fred's tonight, if not I would have a couple of beers and hit Jack in the Box on the way home for some late night artery clogging munchies, pass out and live life as if this had never happened.  
  
It was a Tuesday night and Fred's Bar and Grill was just as busy as it should have been on a week night, with ten or twelve patrons in the place. Most were at the bar or shooting pool while I was sitting at the bar. When she walked through the door I was half way through Coor's beer number three, Talk about pleasantly surprised and exceeding expectations.   
  
At first glimpse all I could think of was that old George Jones song - The one I loved Back Then - with the lyrics "She was the fastest thing around - Long and lean, every young man's dream." To say she was beautiful was an understatement.  
  
I am not exaggerating in any way shape or form when I say everyone in the bar stopped to watch her walk across the floor and take a bar stool next to me. She was every bit of 6 foot tall, and wearing a much too short black dress mini skirt outfit with heels that were borderline impossible from a physics and engineering standpoint. After a few uncomfortable moments she opened the conversation with "You can blink now Steve."  
  
I shook my head and apologized to her. "Sorry I just didn't know if you were real as the photos were perfect and almost way too perfect."  
  
Freyja answered matter of factly with a hint of a Scandinavian accent. "Believe it or not, I get that a lot."  
  
I ordered her a beer, I have no clue as to what it was, it was something dark and had a foreign name to it. She ever so gracefully grabbed her glass of beer and motioned to a table towards the back of the bar.  
  
As we headed to the table to talk I could feel all the eyes in the place on us. The women's eyes full of jealousy and hatred come to think of it all the men's eyes were full of jealousy and hatred.  
  
As we sat and made small talk the stronger the feeling grew that something was just not right. The hair on the back of my neck was standing straight up. I just could not shake the feeling that something was very wrong or very right.