It's all plastic.

Artificial.

This is the world in which I live, though who's to say the world I lived in previously was any better? There's bubblegum pink walls, a baby blue floor, the furniture is lime green... Bright, bright colors with a sheen as though brand new, as though reflecting light but there is no light. There never is. Outside the windows is black, and beyond featureless picture frames are endless columns of machinery. Greased bronze and gold cogs and wheels and tickers, clocks without numbers and hourglasses without sand.

Every floor is different, but the same. 

Vacant. 

Sterile.

Not a soul, plastic or not, to be found. Nor food or water or anything seemingly *real*, yet I don't get hungry, parched, or famished. Am I fake, too? Can't be, my arms are doughy like flesh, my face and hands and legs have bone and muscle and fat... Are my insides like what surrounds me? If I were to dig my fingers into my belly and tear it apart like a gift, would my innards have the same glossy sheen, the same smooth surface? Does even blood run through my veins or air fill my lungs?

It must since I'm alive.

It's taken me what feels like weeks to pry open the attic door, using the tiny blunt silverware placed perfectly on the kitchen table. The door bent and molded but eventually something snapped like bone and I'm able to push it open.

I stand upon a landing beneath towering machinery, so tall I can't make out the top. The columns rotate as chains flow over cranking gears, the floor stretching before me is flat and copper. Bits of it twirl like a twist of the wrist, revealing more inner workings underneath. But there is no sound, silent as the very house.

"Hello!" I call, my voice echoing until it's nothing. "Is anyone here?"

Despite no answer, I start ahead carefully, keeping my eyes to the ground. I don't know what would happen if I fell through. This massive place cannot be connected to the small house. It's an entirely different world, one of metal and cold steel, grease and oil. Not a piece of plastic to be seen. The giant edifices whirl and I keep my distance from them.

"Hello," I shout again. "Anyone here?"

Gloom smothers the distance, just wide alleys between the workings. Just like the house, I don't know how much time passes as I walk. Maybe days or weeks or months. Is time even relevant here? Does it *even* exist at all? A word and nothing but? 

The darkness subsides and a brown door's revealed in a wall. I touch it and find it's real wood, actual lumber. I smell it and I catch hints of mahogany. I stop myself from licking it, to taste anything real, and instead turn the knob. It opens and a flight of winding stairs greets me.

At the top is another door, this one lighter brown. Oak, maybe. Birch. Things I've long forgotten... Opening this one, it reveals a small room with yellowed pages, covered in diagrams and blueprints, plastering the walls, the ceiling,  some of the floor. An easel is in the back, a stool before it and on it...

"A man," I gasp, my heart berating my chest.

He drops his pencil, straightens, and turns to me. Wispy gray hair outlining a bald scrap, a long crooked nose and thick lips. Glasses perch before his eyes. I keep myself from sprinting and grabbing hold of this flesh and blood and muscle and sinewy and someone that isn't damn well fake and oh God I want to breath his musty scent in like the door because he's real, he's real, he's *real*.

"You got that pesky door open, have you?" he says. "Thought I fortified it enough the last time, but guess not."

"Wha—who am—are?" My words trip over one another.

The man stands, thin and tall, and the faded blue robe he wears drags on the floor as he walks towards me. "I know, I know. Many questions, many answers you want." He stops a foot away, peering down over his nose. "Like yourself, none of that matters."

"Why?" blurts out.

"Same ol' question, over and over," he says, "I'm surprised you haven't thought of something different after this many attempts."

"Different—attempts?" My mouth hangs open and I can't help the tears that fall. "What does any of this mean?"

He bends forward to eye-level and places a hand over each shoulder, long fingers prodding bone. "That's for me to know." His cold palms hold my neck, "but not to worry, son." He smiles. "You'll forget this soon and, maybe, one day, you won't be an only child."

Thoughts crash and boom and clatter and whorl and a maelstrom brews in my skull and I can't and don't and won't understand what all of this means, the house, the gears, this old man, me, me, me—what am I? What's my purpose? What am I here?

His finger rests at the base of my neck. There's a twinkle in his big eyes. "Sweet dreams," he says and

It's all plastic.

Artificial.

This is the world in which I live, though who's to say the world I lived in previously was any better? There's...

---

If you enjoyed the story and want to read more of my work, visit my [subreddit](https://www.reddit.com/r/MicahCastle/) and consider subscribing.