The damned monkey paw got me good, this time. I was starting to understand the side effects of not detailing the specifics of my wishes, but I didn't imagine there would be any with invulnerability and immortality.

In retrospect, I guess I could have specified that I wanted to stay in my native time, but this could honestly be a fun experience. I have a doctorate in world history, after all. I am interested in seeing how accurate we were at reading the past. So far, the dinosaurs were vastly different than we could have ever imagined.

The other side effects were largely overlooked as well. I still get hungry, thirsty and tired. When I first arrived, I decided to see what would happen if I didn't eat, drink, or sleep. I simply ran out of energy from not eating, which also caused incredible pain in my stomach. The pain was off, though. It was like my stomach was trying to eat itself, but it couldn't. Likely due to my invulnerability. Lack of drinking prevented me from sweating, and caused an incredible dryness in my mouth. The lack of sweating caused me great discomfort, as I was notably overheating. With the sleep, I simply passed out and woke up with a headache.

I thought invulnerability would prevent pain, but that's not the case. I simply cannot take damage. I encountered a raptor a few weeks ago, whom attacked me. While it did no visible damage, it still hurt like hell. That was a great experience, however. I learned how to take down the smaller dinosaurs. Still getting the hang of cutting their meat up, but as of right now I have a small hut hidden away, as well as some general storage ideas. Survival in the sense of finding resources is much harder than games would make it seem. I am trying to find salt to better preserve the meat I cannot eat all the way. A single dinosaur around the same height as me will easily feed me for a month. Especially since I only really need to eat enough to ensure I have energy to do things.

Time was passing slowly at first, but now I am getting used to this lifestyle. I am not looking forward to the ice age, and most certainly not looking forward to waiting 400 million years to see even the vague semblance of humans. Still attempting to map out the land. Seems to be recently broken up Pangea, which is a good thing. I need to start looking towards where the Nile River is so I can witness the early stages of human civilization.