Deep within the belly of Corpse Mountain, within the far reaches of the depraved Kingdom of the Wight-King Kol'thrash, the great maul Kingbreaker strikes metal. Once wielded by a Death Knight tasked with the destruction and humiliation of Saint-King Aloren, the malevolent weapon once again lies within its wretched creator's hands. Old Ilhartha pays no heed to the melted skin barely clinging to her immense musculature nor the maddening agony of the forge's white hot flame. Kol'thrash has chosen her for another task, paid for with the hide of the so-called 'Saint-King.' Only when her work is done will she choose to feel pain.

  
The husk of a great mountain bear lies slumped against the wall to Ilhartha's left, its metal-piercing teeth wrenched free of its gaping maw and its impenetrable hide stripped from its back. Behind her rest the ruins of a celestial guardian, its metallic yet humanoid body stripped of its nigh unbreakable veins. The melted body of Holy Empress Automaton Visri rests upon the smith's anvil, ready to be infused with the other parts and reshaped. The anvil itself recieves ceaseless blessings from a Forge God priest, enslaved and broken by Kol'thrash himself, then gifted to Ilhartha as a token of appreciation.

  
Each thunderous clang of metal on metal surges from the mountain.  Crowds of mortals, branded 'Dread Seekers' by the kingdoms they've abandoned, recklessly scale the perilous terrain. They press on with grim determination, irresistibly drawn to the impetus of creation. Hopelessly entranced, the Dread Seekers march to the heavy rhythm of steely crashes. Each beat threatens to drive hands to ears and knees to the ground. Those unfortunate souls brought low are quickly lost forever, trampled under foot and left to the mountain's scarce mercy. Those might enough to press on feel the deep pulse of the steady, deep thrums of the blacksmith's work driving their every step.

  
Only one will survive.

  
As they near the base of the mountain, deep rumbling strums rip their way through the hordes, stopping the hearts of the feeble. One-eyed titans of flesh and spite stare down the Dread Seekers, their three-fingered hands upon the spines of fallen dragons. Four thick wires of tightly wound golem veins run the length of the spines. The flesh titans assail the determined Seekers with a driving synchronized rythm of their own, exacerbating the allure of the forge. The titans closer to the entrance to the Hall of the Forge, wielding six-stringed spines, descend upon the low rhythm with vicious, rapid chords of their own. Each heavy string pull vomits waves of rage upon the crowds. Those too weak to resist tear into their allies and fellow kin, feeding the mountain with fresh bodies. 

  
Those strong enough to push through the violence of the broken Seekers enter the Hall of the Forge. No shelter awaits them past the cavernous hall's threshold. The titans' golem-vein plucks and the blacksmith's relentless strikes drive the now sparse crowd to march faster and faster to the point of sprinting. Having outpaced trampling hordes and weathered psychosis inducing cacophony, the few who make it far enough to lay eyes on the yawning archway endure but one more trial.

  
Helldred, the blacksmith's eight armed indestructible guardian and warden, towers over the exhausted Dread Seekers. It clutches the ends of four dragon spines, all parallel to each other and driven into a jet black slab of conductive metal. The demonic automaton inflicts their wrath upon the six-stringed spines, shocking the very air and shredding the ears and souls of the Seekers with a screeching, face melting solo. Those too drained to continue succumb almost instantly, yielding their sould to the warden for consumption. Helldred watches with unrestrained glee as the few remaining mortals break beneath its polyphonic runs, played with malicious perfection.

  
Grim, filthy, and bloody, one Dread Seeker makes it into the forge. White flame having subsided, the Seeker looks upon the monstrous bodies littering the room. One body, a hulking and horrendously burnt human, still yet breathes.  It shakily raises an arm to gesture toward the anvil.

  
The weapon - Ilhartha's final work - rests upon the anvil. A wiry chain studded with sharp metal teeth outline a blade like structure. Upon grasping the bear-hide handle, the Seeker channels their will through the weapon, spinning the teeth around the structure. Noticing a glyph in a language unknown to them, the Seeker gazes upon the dying blacksmith who offers a single word - a name.

  
*Wightslayer.*