"You stabbed me? Why the abyss did you do that?" Felrekar shouted while clutching his side. Blood had already stained his shirt.

"They said human not able to kill you so we run. But I don't like runnin."

Felrekar gasped with pain. "So why didn't you take a bloody horse, I've killed the archmages of three different kingdoms, slain the gryphons and basiliks, gone are the..."

"Why I hide in bush." the man interrupted before smelling the finger he'd been excavating his backside with.

Felrekar couldn't believe it. The prophesized warlock, he had to be, just look at all his accomplishments. Several of them matched the fabled warlock and others were just as grand. For him to he killed by a village idiot with a rusty sword. It was unthinkable.

And yet, his magick wasn't flowing anymore. He couldn't cast even the simplest of spells or mere cantrips. Absolutely nothing. "Hey dunce, where'd you get a sword that can stop magick?"

The fool looked confused before pointing to himself. "Black water."

Was that a town? Felrekar had never heard of it. "Is that a smith?"

"No sticky black water." He grinned stupidly, remembering a fond memory, "make sword burn like scary torch."

It took Felrekar a long moment to realize what he meant. Oil, this idiot, destroyer of dreams and crusher of prophesy had stuck a sword in cursed oil. The ultimate absorber of infernal energies, which is the shade his magick had long since turned. What kind of joke was this?

The pain had turned to agony at this point, but Felrekar had to know. "The prophesy said no human could kill me. So how did you?"

The idiot looked at him like he was the fool. After what felt like a long moment of coughing up blood the man answered, "This sword not a man, it sword. I call her Hyda."

Felrekar managed to shout weakly, "Curse you gods, I killed every damn hydra cause of your shitty prophesy and it was a halfwit you should have warned me about."

"I ain't no halfwit." were the last words the infamous Felrekar ever heard.

r/AurumArgenteus