I was used to having many guests that were of the animal kingdom. Bear was the first as a stray labrador pup who I couldnt refuse when I found him in the fields. Hercules the pitbull, who sauntered in my house following Bear (also a stray, and having been the culprit who dug out my flower garden) was the second. Meow Meow the Cat (tm) was the third but for the life of me I can’t recall exactly how she came about. One minute it was just me and two dogs, the next minute Im eating breakfast with two dogs and a cat they suspiciously did not mind.

Then came Noodle, the anxious shepherd, Tim the Turtle, and Jade the Parrot. My mornings have become quite eventful. As a single zoo keeper I enjoyed my found family.

Yet somehow I was still in for a shock when I stuck my head into the dryer and found the little dragon nesting in my towels and shirts.

She was quite a little thing, no bigger than Jade who wasn’t that big for a parrot. Her head was so huge and eyes big and bright like shimmering stars. The little reptile growled and attempted a bite on my finger. But to my amusement (and safety) her teeth hadn’t grown in yet. 

I had a baby dragon in my dryer.

No wonder my socks have been missing.

Pulling the squirt out of there took about ten minutes involving getting nipped some more and clawed at by her tiny baby hands. Eventually I was in the living room rocking her gentlely in the bundle of laundry all while the rest of the household looked upon her with curiosity.

“Your wings are so tiny. No horns. And you’ve got a big goofy pitbull like head.”

Hercules barked in objection. I patted my goobers head and apologized. He was sensitive about his big head.
 
No doubt about it. This little dragon was a Western Redwind. The kind my grandmother talked about soaring all over the southwestern skies from the Great Plains to the California coasts. The kind that the settlers came and shot for sport and trophies into near extinction. 

Not unlike our people, grandma would say.

The only Redwinds I’d ever seen were old and captive in zoos. Some they said still soared in remote parts of the Sierra Nevadas. Others migrated north trying to escape humans. Grandma would get sad whenever she talked about the dragons. Always wishing to one day see them soar across the sky. Wishing to one day ride one like her mother and her people had for generations.

And now, one little Redwind was in my arms. A tiny little thing.

She coughed, smoke coming out of its nostrils, timy scraps of what once were striped socks flying out of its mouth.

I could take it to the authorities. I should take it there. But I was also Native. My people respected the Dragons. We obeyed their dominion over nature. We didnt hunt them down with guns and machines.

My mind was made up. I went to the kitchen and pulled out the chicken I’d just bought. I set down the little dragon on the counter and she watched as I started pulling it apart.

“I feed six mouths aside from me. What’s one more mouth?”