"Rise, Gilroy" I intoned, raising my bone armored hands over the deceased man. "Rise, and return to this mortal plane once more."

The body below my gestures stirred, glowing a dim green light from the world beyond. I intensified my chants, curling my fingers in ever more dramatic shapes. "RETURN TO YOUR FESTERING SHELL, GILROY! I SUMMON THEE!" 

The body sat upright, like a spring loaded wooden dummy. His joints snapped from the effort it took to perform the maneuver. Its eyes flew open, revealing only a smokey green ethereal glow within. 

I stepped back, folding my hands into the tattered sleeves of my robes. I left the ram's skull helmet on, for the time being. I may need its power still. 

The body of Gilroy turned its head, slowly surveying the room around it. 

"Are you Gilroy Fronkers, born 3/1/1926, deceased 6/2/2022?" A bored clerk read from a printed copy of an email.

"iiiiiI aaaaAMMMmmm" the spirit said, stretching out the recently reanimated vocal chords. 

"On October 4th, 2019, did you create a new will and-"

"oooooOOOH FOR FUUUUCKS SAAAAKEeee" the deceased interrupted. "ddiiID STEVE CONTEST THE WILLlllll"

"Order in the court" the judge said, "but yes, thats why we issued the summoning summons." 

Gilroy rotated his head until his foggy green eye sockets found Steve in the room. " sssSTEVE I LEFT YOU ONE DAMNED DOLLAR AS A 'FUCK YOU' FOR STEALING MY ROLLS ROYCE PHANTOM AND CRASHING IT ON THE MAILBOOOOooooooxxxxx."

The Judge waved for me to from the corner. "Thank you for your time, Mr. Fronkers. This court finds Steven in the wrong, and will not alter the will of Gilroy."

"Mr. Thelesitizakal, could you please return Gilroy Fronkers to his eternal resting place?" The Judge asked. 

I complied. 

With a brilliant flash of green light and an explosion of smoke, Gilroy Fronkers' corpse collapsed back into his coffin. The Judge fanned the ghostly smoke from his desk, revealing the paperwork necessary to close the lawsuit.


"Aw, maaaaan" Steve said, slumping down in his chair. 

Keen eared members of the legal teams on both sides could hear a very faint whisper from the casket's direction. "fuck you, Stee^eee^e^ve" it said, trailing away as Gilroy descended from this realm once more.

r/SlightlyColdStories for more