The moon was high and bright, never a cloud to be seen every full moon. The house groaned and creaked, clamoring and calling, I think. The front door stilled long enough for the knock

*tap, tap tap, tap taptaptap tap.*

Only once have I heard it twice. And I regretted waiting that long, when I did. The door opens, silent as death. The little girl stands there, a simple dress, a forgettable childlike face, dark hair that never can decide on black or brown, and the most unusual lilac irises.

“Hello Mister, do you have some candy?”

“I do, Maria. Do you want sweets, salty, or chocolate?” I walk back into my house, hearing the house calm as little Maria’s footsteps try to follow.

“You choose, sir. I’d love whatever’s around.” She isn’t lying there, at least. Every item I’ve given her, she’s eaten. She doesn’t even care for specially candy, as I’ve given her desert that’s all the same.

“Ok then. Take a seat, will you? I’ll grab a few pieces.” Sitting down at the coffee table, I do grab a handful of items. It should be enough for tonight.

“Thank you Mister! I’m glad you have these.” She’s always polite, all things considered. It’s rather nice, to have someone who is.

“Maria, did you know this marks the tenth year you’ve visited.” 

“I did! I’m surprised you remembered.” 

“Why me, Maria? Once every full moon and never without missing a day.” She gets quiet, the wrapper she was idly twirling and spinning forgotten.

“I’m not sure, mister. You have always been here.” She looks at you, and the lilac seems bottomless.

“I’ve told you my name before. Do you remember it?” She shakes her head, and I sigh.

“Who were you, Maria. Why have you not aged a day for the last 10 years?”

“…” The silence stretches onwards, and not a sound is made.

“Maria?”

“I don’t know. All that I know is that on a full moon I get one chance to leave. It’s Dark, mister. So Dark. And every time, I get met with you…”She seems on the verge of tears.

“…and I just don’t know why. I remember only a few things; You are kind, You are there, You have Something to give me.” She’s openly crying now.

“I’m sorry, Maria. I didn’t know.” She’s forgotten about the candy now, a sniffling mess that I made.

“Do you want to stay? I can’t promise anything, but if you want, you can try. There’s this guest room that I’d think you’d like.” 

“Really?”

“Yes, really.” And I took her hand as I guided her to that room where my daughter used to be. Cancer took her far too soon. Maybe this is me second chance.

And on that day, the girl aged another night.