As I turned on the light, what looked me back in the mirror froze me stiff. Spiraling horns grew out of my scalp, forming into savage tips. The whites in my eyes had disappeared into a black void. My irises seemed…slimmer than usual.

“Aw shit…Aw shit aw shiiiiit… CASS! Come see this!” I sped towards the bedroom, my head rushing.

“No! Wait!” I opened the door before she could say anything. We both froze in place at each other’s gaze. 

Cassie’s lips had turned completely black, with enough gloss to line their figure. As she opened her mouth, I saw pearl white fangs. Her irises had turned blood red. We stared at each other, until I started to give into fear.

“No….was the Inquisitor right? Am I really…”

“Hold it, Tom! You don’t know that…how do we know……..Tom, are you still Tom? Are you still the man I married?”


I thought to myself. Ever since Buttercup hatched, I wanted to care for her. When our followers came, I wanted to support them…but was it because were devout over me? I thought back to my old folks. I still wanted to see them…though not like this… What about the farm hands? I still feel guilty not being able to-

My thoughts were interrupted by a thump behind my leg. I looked down and was greeted to Black Buttercup’s beady eyes, as she gently held two cartons of eggs in her mouth. My thoughts were interrupted for barely any time by how precious she was, until I snapped out of it, and looked back at Cassie. 

“Cass…you know what them folks told us…that power is corruption? What if we ain’t letting ourselves be corrupted by power?” I grabbed the eggs as Buttercup rubbed against me.

…..

“Eggs again? You have my gratitude Master Edward!” Our self-hired goblin housekeeper accepted the steaming sunny-side-up plate. She treated something so simple like a gift from a god…it made me both warm inside, and with empathy and sorrow.

“Honeysuckle, I don’t feel too kind ordering you around, but could you please just call me Tom…and call her Cass. Actually when you’re done, go on ahead and tell the farm hands as well. It’d be appreciated. If you’re still hungry, grab some potatoes, want you to stay healthy.”

“As you wish, Lord Tom!”

“It’s….ah, if you like that name.” 

Cassie started thinking as she ate her eggs. 

“How much are we gonna change? Will we bring the whole Kingdom comin’ after us the next time they see us?” 

“We’re probably gonna have to convince ‘em the same way we did before. We got nothin’ to hide ‘cept hospitality. I don’t feel too worried,” I said without really knowing why. Cassie also seemed to be fine, so I let it go.

I heard light thumping as Buttercup delicately tried to walk around without breaking anything. 

“Hmm, she’s gettin’ too big.” I pointed out the window. “I was thinkin…I think we can get some of the hands, maybe ask the Orcs to build over in that field. They have really been wanting to pay me back. Guess that’s pride. Or devotion…”

“We should make a big area for Buttercup. Maybe some climbing walls, maybe a big ball on a rope, somethin’ for her to fly around. Don’t want her gettin’ bored of the empty fields… what do you think?“ I looked over to see Cassie holding in laugher as Buttercup kept licking her. It gave me a warm feeling in my chest…until it spread to my arm and started tingling.

I looked at my arm again, still pointed at the window. Purple glowing lines formed a scaly pattern over my arm. I looked out the window again, and Buttercup’s new playground was there. Not only that, but I saw the ceiling rise, and the wood of our house darken, reinforcing itself with steel. Now the place was spacious enough again. I got up and looked at my patterned hands, I walked outside to see all of the farm hands bowing before me. Their devotion still bothered me. 

I looked behind and saw Cassie holding our big wagon sized Buttercup like a baby, her face was now slightly splotched with reddish scales. I could tell I was falling in love with her even more. Buttercup was looking at me, and glowing. She was excited to see what I would do next.

I looked back at my followers. Goblins, Orcs, Trolls, Red Elves…and every other undesirable. The kingdom left no room for them…and they clung to me as their lord. The least I could do was repay them, give them what they deserved. My honest and humble farm was about to become a much bigger home. 

“…..It all makes sense now. Power is corruption. Power lets us fulfill our desires unchecked…but what if my desire is to help everyone, to save everyone, and to be loved… and now I have the power not to fear.” Cass let go of Buttercup, who proudly sat next to me. 

I could see the Kingdom’s heroes returning again. A stream of white marching down the road, ready to extinguish the darkness. But what are black and white but colors?