'I need to kill him.'  
They parted before him like the red sea before Moses, pulled aside by a power beyond themselves. If they could have seen him, perhaps they would have seen a figure bent over by the weight of eons, with the posture of a scythe and intention to match. He passed through them unseeingly, like wind dying on the air. Death was his beacon, and life but a shadow. It was his curse and his blessing, his joy and his sorrow. Death was his life.  
The victim was young, as all true victims are. He lay on his back in the gutter, with legs deadly straight, while his head lolled feebly back and forth. Blood welled from beneath his back, it mixed with the dirt and the refuse and the tire marks that fled from the scene. An older woman cradled his head, her own rocked back and forth in agony. Even the blind could see a grieving mother. Death leaked through her hands, it stained and corrupted her. He knew that she too would die.  
This was his power: to sense death the way others sense life. In his eyes a person never appeared more alive than when they were dying. The pouring out of life was like a beacon, it warmed his bones and drew him onwards. Sometimes he would circle the dying and revel in their cries, and sometimes he would quicken their passing. But always, it excited him. Always, it enlivened him.   
He knelt beside the dying child. A chill ran through those present, though they did not know why. An observant eye would have spotted that the blood of the child seemed to surge forwards, pooling in a circle around an empty patch of ground. He came amongst them as a shadow, a chilling of the blood and a quickening of the pulse. The mother paused in her grief and stared through him as if he were a shadow, and perhaps he was. He existed in that same void, a world of half-living. A shadow needs both light and absence of light to exist, a flame oxygen to kill, and he needed death. She did not see him, even as he leant over the dying boy, inhaled deeply, and smiled.   
'I am going to kill your son.' His voice was not a voice, it was a dawning knowledge in the minds of those it violated. The woman's hands stiffened, and she rocked back and forth while gently stroking her son’s hair. He placed his hand over the child's chest and bowed forward until their temples touched. For the briefest of moments, the haze left the boy's eyes and his vision was clear. He alone saw the shadow hovering above; he alone sensed its indecision. It would be so easy, thought the shadow, to steal this boy's life, it would be so easy to feel the old youth. Already it seeps wasted into the ground. And so, he did, drawing it from the boy's soul and threading it through to that unseen place where his own soul withered away. A thrill spread through the shadow, just as the ambulance arrived and the mother wailed her own death knell. He knew he had killed her also.   
He dissipated on the wind and hovered above, reveling in his rejuvenation, feeling the sun warm him, rather than pass through, feeling the wind caress him, rather than bite. He was warm and he was alive and he was, for a moment, human.  
But that was the problem, for with life came humanity, and what was humanity if not a caring for others? He had not come here to kill the boy, but to save him from a slow death. The pull had been too strong, and he too weak. He stared down at the tiny pale figure that lay in the street like an abandoned toy. He stared too at the mother, and tried to reach her with his lies, to tell her that he had saved her son from a slow death. But her mind was closed to him, and so as they rushed the boy's body into the ambulance, trying in vain to shock the life back into him, he followed. Mother and killer both watched each convulsive jerk, her eyes flaring with hope on each shock and dying again a moment later. He could feel her pain choking the air, and he knew shame.  
It was too much to bear, and so, once again he knelt over the boy and placed his mouth on the bloodless lips. He waited for the next shock, and when it came, he returned his prize. Blood flowed back into the boy's face, and his eyes spread wide just in time to see the shadow, looking down on him. Try as he might, from that day to his last, the boy could never recall what the shadowy figure had looked like, but he knew it was no hallucination. And so, he kept it a secret, never to be spoken of, knowing that one day, on his last day, they would meet again, and the gift he had been given would be reclaimed.