As I walk around the corner I almost trip on the many legged body of yet another junkie. 'God dammit' I whisper to myself as I have to walk on the pavement because the alien's body occupies all of the curb.  

Tiger-like black and yellow stripes, well, more like dirty brown-grey and yellow stripes, about a dozen spindly legs and three unhealthily skinny arms, the third one actually ending in a messy sensorium entirely engorged. There are still traces of mashed potatoes around the oral orifice. The alien, an adorran if I'm not mistaken, shivers a little.  

What has the world come to, I think finally getting back on the curb. No human government will give aliens personhood or rights and the aliens are not interested in such. But actively harm one of the fuckers and you have no idea if their people are the kind to decide on crystalizing the Earth from orbit. Hence, the alien food junkies lying down all over the place. Nobody will help them, nobody will risk trying to remove them in case they harm them.  

Do they deserve help? Can they help themselves? I mean, they're rarely violent and can't spread diseases to humans, and besides the eye sore, they usually always pay for what they consume, indirectly. Some alien governments just plain opened up accounts with their human counterparts by giving us tiny pieces of information about their sciences and technologies, in exchange for credit, which then pays for their citizens food consumption.  

I've walked just a few steps from the junkie when I suddenly am very aware of the tuna salad sandwich I'm carrying for lunch. I put real mayonnaise on it, and if the alien smells it... Things wouldn't get violent per se, I don't think, but they could get really annoying. It has happened to me before, having to surrender a bag of chips just to be left alone. You can then put on a claim for the value, of course, but that's even more hassle.  

I look up and see a giant holographic ad. It just reads FOOD, MCDONALDS. Those guys would really like to find out what exactly is it about human food. It doesn't matter if it's vegan or fully meat based, sugar content, fat content, spices, nothing seems to be "it". Nothing to distill, nothing to put in handy little ampoules and sell to alien home worlds, try to resurrect the old opium trade, maybe become the British Empire IN SPACE! It's just the food, and the place. I've heard it stops working around the Moon's orbit. Snake bodied, three headed hamburger fiend would sell her mother's cloaca for another bite of a Whopper, another forkful of salad, pass a vague frontier and the next bite does nothing. Apparently that's where things can actually get dangerous.  

Honestly, I don't know why don't they just invade. Some people say it's that they're stopping each other. If one of their polities invade, maybe they'll impede all arrivals from others. Some people say it's because at any time, there's twelve to twelve thousand alien princes from entirely different kingdoms, secretly on earth gorging on any edible stuff human hands have prepared.  

Oh, and the hands have been thoroughly researched! It also apparently isn't there, but also not entirely not there. Completely automated machine made food doesn't pack the same kick, apparently. Machine made food closely supervised and cared for by humans, does. Only it doesn't do it beyond Earth. Taco Bell went bankrupt that way, started setting up franchises on the Asteroid Belt, the Oort Cloud and even a couple of alien colonies. All attended by humans, all opening on the same day as some kind of event. Some aliens who had never been to Earth were curious, gave Taco Bell sales for a little while, then revenue stopped when legitimate foodies arrived, hoping to get their fix off Earth, and told everybody it wasn't the real deal.  

The whole Taco Bell debacle did seem to have one bright side. It lifted the embargo on human settlement on other worlds. Of course that one had a downside as the first generation of humans born away from Earth started visiting the mother world, and eating the local food.