“Do you remember? Tell me again.”

“Yes Mamma, I remember.”

“Tell me.” Her hand clenched harder on my arm, her dark eyes boring into me.

“Flee from the Uncanny, fear what my eyes do see, for my Soul tells me when the Demons stalk free.”

“Good, good.” Her hand unclenched by a fraction. A small amount of blood flowed back to my cold fingertips. “Do you have everything packed?” She sent me a wan smile, her lips completely devoid of color.

“Yes Mamma, I have food and water just as you asked.” The heavy bundle was tied at my shoulder and nestled on my back. “But I don’t understand, why am I packing? The Crusade has long passed through, the knights are no longer here.” My tongue wet my suddenly dry lips. Mamma’s black eyes never left mine.

“You know why love. Didn’t you just tell me the rhyme?” A thin corner of her mouth crooked up, attempting a smile. It stayed there.

“But Mamma, you, me and Varsi are not Demons. The priest even checked. He said our village is clean of the Taint.” My voice cracked as Momma frowned with only one side of her mouth. When she spoke, her lips were split in a fierce grimace-smile. 

“The priests only serve one god; their vision is narrowed.” A shudder wracked Momma’s thin frame. Her hand shot out, fingers clawing at the ceiling until they locked in a rigid expression of pain. “Quickly love, take Varsi and run. Run as far…and…as fast-st-t-t…” Stuttering words barely spat past her clenched teeth. Heels pressed into the earth Mamma’s spine arched and spasmed. 

“Mamma! Stop! Breathe!” Her skin was cool to
my touch, but a red flush spread beneath her olive skin. “Varsi! Quickly! Bring water for Mamma!” Arms flailing, Mamma began to convulse. A smack to the ear sent me reeling back, my ears ringing. I did not notice when Varsi ran into the room, sloshing water over the floor. 

But Mamma noticed.

“Varsi.” All movement stopped. Her voice was like a sigh, high pitched and faint. With a wet grinding noise Mamma’s face slowly tilted toward the door. Her mouth was still stuck, one side up and one side down. Her dark, wide eyes bugged from her face, staring, as if to swallow us whole. “Come closer love.” Her chin was the only thing to move, her fingers still clawing at the sky. Varsi trembled like the last leaf in a storm.

“Varrrrssssiiiiii.” Mamma’s breath hissed out. The down side of her mouth snapped upwards. Her smile deepened and deepened. Lips splitting with the force, blood pooling from the cracks and coating her teeth. With a smile from ear to ear, Mamma laughed. “Won’t you smile with me love?” A swift strike from Momma sent the bucket flying from Varsi’s hand. My heart hammered against my ribs as I dove for my sister, another crack sounding as Mamma’s hand hit the dirt behind me.

“Mamma?” Varsi’s voice was small and fearful, her eyes round with shock. I dragged her from the room. I did not look back as a laughing scream following us from the house.

The suns rays fell on us with full force outside our home. There were many people in the street. Aunties and Uncles, family and friends. For a moment, time stopped. They would keep us safe, they would help Mamma. But any cry for help stuck in my throat. A horrible sense of wrong slithered down my spine, stealing my voice. Varsi stumbled next to me, crying out as she fell to her knees.

All heads snapped in our direction. Auntie Farrah’s chin now lined up with her spine. She was the first to smile, a bloody, ear to ear smile. I could see all of her teeth and the one missing in the back. 

“Varsi. Hannah. Won’t you smile with us?” The chorus of voices were familiar and yet raked across my ears. I could hardly think, hardly breathe, as the entire village took one step forward.

The thud of their feet made the ground shake.

I grabbed Varsi and I ran.