"This has to be the most revolting thing I have ever personally experienced."

I said this out loud and the crowd, who obviously had no idea I was there, flinched and drew back.

The hero slumping at the podium looked up, eyes wary.  She was tensed for action, but not acting.   For now I held the room.  I took the time to choose my next words carefully.

"This den of fear and wretched cowardice... I came here, in the hopes that I would find satisfaction here.  Starbright, your best defender... in truth, your only defender... I thought to be here to witness her fade back into the miserable morass of humanity from whence she sprung..  It was inevitable, she was but mortal, and I thought I would find it satisfying to be here to witness the moment.  It was to be a moment of victory, a moment of outlasting a determined foe.

"And yet, here I find humanity doing my own work for me, saying my words, tearing down their own walls with vicious words of discouragement and fear.  And I have to say I find this absolutely unendurable.

"Starbright has fought my forces almost alone for nearly 20 years.  She is the reason I do not personally own each and every one of you right now.  I have not made it easy for her, but she has persevered and held your little corner of the universe together by sheer force of will far longer than it ever should have lasted.

"And it seems odd to me that in this moment of personal crisis for her, in a time of her own need, after she has spent her adult life shielding you from a universe that will never tolerate what you are, there was no question of what can we do, how can we help, or even where might another such hero be found, but instead every one of you are focused on the status quo and your own petty, selfish interests that you are tearing down your greatest hero at her most vulnerable, for the crime of being vulnerable."

There was no reply.  I honestly did not expect one.  Instead I turned to the podium.

"I do believe, my dear Starbright, that that settles an argument we've had before about the nature o fear and the courage of the ordinary man.  While they are supported without cost to themselves man will lift no finger to protect or support themselves.  When that support is suddenly withdrawn they will find the prospect of standing on their own so unacceptable that they will do anything, up to and including slandering their own heroes, to avoid that responsibility, like a freeloading child who will never get off the parent's financial teat until forced to do so.

"In truth, dear lady, while you have done much good for your people, I believe we are seeing that every bright cloud has a dark lining.  By defending these humans so completely for so long, they have forgotten how to defend themselves.  And now the apotheosis is upon them and their reaction is to blame their rescuer when indeed, the fault is their own, for not using the time you bought them more productively.

When chinks finally showed in your armor they were quick to assign you the blame, were they not?  When in truth the fault lay with their own mindless apathy.  The seeds of the destruction of man began not with your medical condition but with deeds undone, thought untaken and plans unmade.  These pitiful leaders could have surrounded you with fleets, researched my technology, searched for other heroes, instead, they cower thoughtlessly behind the shield you provide, ask no questions, take no initiative, and thus have sown the seeds of their own failure.

" If the futility of this struggle has come home to you, I can commiserate for indeed, see before you your own executioners!  Not me or any of mine, but this vulturous throng of "media."  These fools so quick to judge those whose actions they cannot emulate.  The walking talking breathing embodiment of the eternal adolescence of man.

"i expect no fight here, be at ease on that score.  I need do nothing right now.  Not when your own people out of their own terror and avarice do my work for me.  I intend to depart in peace, but I leave you with this thought:  Starbright and I have fought on more occasions than any two people have ever fought.  I challenge her defense of your realm every few days for the last 20 years.  I know this woman better than almost anyone else in the world and while what we have isn't friendship, or love, it can certainly be described as intimate nonetheless.

"I am about to occupy this world.  I have already fielded an offer of surrender from the Governor of your world.  I intend not to accept at this time, because I do not believe an occupation would truly be accepted by your people, and I will not simply trade a war of conquest for a gueriilla war at no gain to myself.  I do not believe I can occupy this world while Starbright lives, even in a diminished state. Therefore, for now I bide my time and let your fear and laziness do my work for me.

"But I leave you with this thought before I depart.  I have known this hero for longer than I have ever known another human.  And through our meetings I have learned to respect her ability to match wits and wills and powers with me.  If I do own this world, and own you all, body and soul, you might be wise to NOT tear down and denigrate the only one of your entire species for which I have even a modicum of respect.  For I will not look kindly on fools with such limited vision, with such a vicious biting of the hand that feeds.  I will have few uses for such fools, fools so foolish that they devastate their own last best hope, when my time comes."