"Garshi'a, where the hell do you think you're wandering off to without your parents?"

A certain humanoid spun on the equivalents of heels, turning to his parents. He looked like a marriage of a wyvern and a mermaid, with his red-green tail matching his scaly skin, and two large wings supporting his two webbed bare feet. In one of his 'paws' was a more advanced substitute to the human camera─an exquisite masterpiece of their engineer Mervern race.

However, that wasn't even worth comparing to the humans' food! It would be disrespectful to their culinary art to do that, for their incredulous, mouth-watering (or the equivalent to other species) delicacies were enough to wage galactic, star-shattering wars just to be the first in an already centuries-long line. It may be a long time for those puny humans, but most of the galactic species lived far longer. Far, far longer.

Garshi'a looked at his parents, who were like exact copies of himself but just larger, and just... turned right back, continuing on his merry way without a care in the world, inviting his parents' grunts and chases. Some things never change, do they?

He stopped in front of a mound of brick and mortar painted in a repulsing colour─repulsive to them, at least. Regardless, he ploughed through his inner hesitations to savour the treats of humanity.

Walking into the store entitled "Rajesh's Indian Cusine", unaware of the hell his tastebuds were reluctant to face, he went up to the human cashier. "wueruf. pwkandfje? aristotscliret."

The cashier responded, agitated slightly in surprise and more in fear, "Um, sir, I think you forgot to turn on your universal translator."

Garshi'a lifted his tail up, the gesture in his race to signal confusion, but that only made the cashier even more fearful, misreading it for a provocation. Only after a minute of intense staring did the matter resolve─or more like his parents had caught up and resolved it for him.

"Ah!"

*Click*

"Can you understand me now, human?"

"Y-yes, sir. Would you like to sit down first, or...?' she allowed her voice to trail off, unaware of what these novel brand of customers would want.

Garshi'a replied gaily, as expected of a child, "Yes, yes. Please. While we're at it, doing *paet pooja,* why don't we learn a bit about the culture of the wonderful species who made it?" He looked straight at the cashier, who flinched, still carrying his jovial tone, "Ah, that was a cultural thngy I picked up. It should mean eating food, right?"

"I-it does, sir," spoke the cashier, hesitatingly. She avoided talking about how that was only applicable in Hindi, since that would lead to a too long-winding conversation which her intense fear would never agree to.

She gestured to her right. "Please, enter. A server should soon guide you."

While Garshi'a eagerly waltzed in, his father took a second to apologise to the cashier for his son's eccentricity.

The inside of the restaurant was quite fantastic to the human eye. Unfortunately, it only seemed bland to the eyes of the Merwen, which were adapted to a blue hue.

An equally quivering server walked up to them. "Sir, a table for three, I presume?"

"Yes."

"Please follow me." The waitress led them to their table in the section reserved for non-humans.

On the dark-brown table were four menus. One each for herbivores, carnivores, omnivores, and only liquid-consuming creatures.

After scanning through some of the dishes on the red carnivores' menu, Garshi'a's eyes were allured by a certain dish labelled "Chicken Tikka Masala: Bhut Jolokia Edition". For some reason, he was attracted to that name.

"I want this! I want this! I want this!" Garshi'a repeatedly pleaded.

His father looked at him with eyes slightly narrowed in mild irritation, while his mother, being doting─as all other mothers, regardless of race─immediately agreed.

In the end, his father merely did his race's equivalent of a sigh of acceptance. After all, even he wanted to experience this quite literally once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for him to taste the greatness of human cuisine. Once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, because the Merwen were one of the few races which usually lived less than five-hundred Earth years. He was already three-hundred-and-nineteen Earth years old.

After waiting for a while, it finally arrived.

That seductive aroma of spice, that lava-orange cream of euphoria, that drumstick of meat. Everything felt as if it was just waiting to be devoured by Garshi'a. To the man in question, at least.

Sparing no other thought, he gobbled it down as if he hadn't eaten in a hundred years, straight from the serving bowl.

Then, he felt as if... his palate was on fire! It was akin to guzzling down a bite of the Sun!

"Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!"

In his haphazardness, he swallowed the leg piece's bone.

*Cough*

\*Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough! Cough! "\*Aohoo, h-h-elp!"

"W-what is the meaning of this? Human?! Was our food poisoned?! Has the galaxy been tricked?!" His mother used her tail to bring over the poor nearest server, the one which had just served them, holding him in the air.

That poor soul had to explain to the tourists, while trembling in horror and pitiably intense fear, that it was simply their reckless behaviour which prompted Garshi'a's troubles.

*'Just what did I do to need to deal with this?!'* he screamed internally.