I sat in my overstuffed wingback, staring into the fire. I savored each sip of the Pinot Noir in my glass. It wasn't a particularly expensive vintage but I enjoyed it and nobody would be able to tell it only cost me $20 without seeing the bottle.

It was all a performance, of course. The Chosen One would enter through the door behind me and see me silhouetted against the fire, glass of wine in-hand, waiting for him. I debated on which melodramatic phrase to greet him with.

I know, I know... it's really unnecessary. The Chosen One would have to die, sure. It's in his title: he was Chosen to die and, in his death, defeat me. But I didn't really have to go all Stoker with the cliched tropes.

This story arc, if you want to call it that, has been playing out for decades. I rise to power. The power corrupts me. I harm many, many people. I am defeated by other side's representative. I thought it was kind of hypocritical to sacrifice some righteous innocent to defeat me while calling ***me*** the villain. I mean, surely they could just have me declared the enemy of the state or a terrorist and fire a cruise missile through a bathroom window.

I guess we know that the other side values people less than whatever the cost of a missile is.

And *I'M* the bad guy. Okay, yes, hundreds of people died because I wasn't careful enough. Because I rushed things in my zeal to fix the many problems of society. Because I was willing to sacrifice the unwilling few to save the many. The only difference between me and Mr. Spock was that I sacrificed others to save everyone instead of myself.

So sue me. If this is my sacrifice, if this is what I have to endure to ensure countless millions of people live long and productive lives, I accept it.

Though, to be fair, aside from the guilt that was easily rationalized away, it's been a pretty good life. I lived in a nice mansion, enjoyed amazing food and drink, drove the best cars, enjoyed the company of many beautiful men and women.

It was hardly a burden.

My reverie was interrupted by the sound of the door to my library opening behind me. Soft footsteps on hard wood floors told me the Chosen One had arrived.

"You're late," I said, adding as much dark malice as I could to my voice.

"Boring," my internal monologue sing-songed at me. "Cliched! You're boring *AND* cliched!"

I ignored my internal monologue. We should all do that more often.

"Well," I said as I stood and faced my opponent. "I suppose we--"

Shock cut my words off as I saw her.

Yes, *her*. Everything I heard and read said it was supposed to be strapping young lad in his prime, ready to end me.

And she was young! I doubt she was even old enough to travel to Kakariko on her own.

And she was barely strong enough to keep the tip of her sword pointed at me.

A FUCKING SWORD! It was clearly too heavy for her as the tip wavered in the air. A fucking gun would have done it.

"Goddess Hylia on a Rock!" I exclaimed in utter dismayed surprise. "They sent a 90-pound-soaking-wet teenage girl to kill me?"

She stopped walking towards me as a shocked expression spread across her face.

"Look, I don't care about your age, gender or size," I said, automatically starting to pace agitatedly back and forth. "I'm sure you're perfectly capable, or will be when you've had time to grow up and gain the skills necessary to do whatever it was you wanted to do before they decided you get to be sacrificed."

My anger was building up a head of steam and I couldn't have stopped it even if I wanted to.

"I mean, come on! They could have picked some old octogenarian to do this job, not some kid who probably hasn't even had her first kiss!"

I continued pacing.

"Fuck!" I shouted in anger. "I mean, I save the planet at the cost of a few hundred lives and I'M THE VILLAIN?!? Meanwhile, the people who sent you are perfectly willing to sacrifice some young kid in a job literally anybody could do."

"I, um," she stammered. "I volunteered."

"Right," I said. "That's required. But they didn't stop you. Look, it's the job of parents to keep their kids from making fatal mistakes until they learn what is at stake. This is fatal and you haven't had time to learn about... LIFE yet. Did they even train you?"

"No," she said quietly as the tip of her sword wavered uncertainly. "There wasn't time."

I pinched the bridge of my nose. I get migraines when I get really pissed off and this migraine was going to be a doozy. I walked over to the little writing desk and pulled out a bottle of Excedrin. I popped the top and downed a few. I'm not sure they really help but they probably won't hurt so, you know, Pascal's Wager and all that.

I walked over to the bank of light switches on the wall and turned them all on. I wanted a better look at my ersatz opponent. LED lightbulbs in recessed cans slowly brightened and I saw her. She was, actually, soaking wet. Her clothes clung to her slight frame, and... Hylia, the sword was almost as long as she is.

"Okay, seriously, this won't do," I said after taking a deep, calming breath. "Let me make you a deal."

She looked at me warily but the tip of the sword didn't spring back up.

"You spend a year training," I said, kneeling in front of her. "With me or with whomever you want. I'll pay for it. The biggest Goron, the strongest Geruda, the quickest Yiga, whatever. You have a blank check. You spend a year and then, at the end of that year, you decide what you want to do. Kill me, go back and take revenge on the people that sacrificed you, go take up bee-keeping in Faron Woods or Western Necluda... whatever you want."

She looked at me searchingly, trying to square this against everything she had been taught about me. This was definitely not what she was expecting but, I suppose, that is tonight's theme.

"Honest," I said. "I know it's a cliche but I'm not evil. Maybe a little Machiavellian, what with the ends justifying the means, but I'm not a monster. None of the people I sacrificed were younger than 25 years old. The ones that had family had all the support in the world."

She just stared at me.

I gently lifted the tip of the sword to my throat.

"You can end me now, end all of this," I said. "I won't stop you. God knows, it would be the easy way to end the rage burning inside me right now. But, you will also be destroyed by it. I don't know the details. It might be figurative or some cosmic thing might happen that would physically kill you. The prophecy is a little vague on that part."

We locked eyes for a long, long moment before her arms started to shake from the strain of holding the sword. It slipped from her hands and fell to the floor, hilt first. The blade of the sword still rested in my hands and I didn't stop it fast enough. The tip sliced upwards and hot fire blossomed on my neck.

Hot wetness, so much of it, spilled down my neck and chest. My hands instinctively went to the source of the pain and were instantly covered in blood.

She must have nicked the jugular or carotid or whatever.

I looked back up at her and saw the expression of horrified shock on her face.

I felt a small smile spread across my lips as I sank the rest of the way to the floor.

"Of course," I said mildly. "We could always just make it an accident. That works, too."