"Hello, Edna. Welcome to Hell!" The demon smiled with his fangs prominently bared. At his side was Cerberus, the three-headed guardian of the netherworld. 

The woman looked around and saw she was, indeed, in the land of fire and brimstone. The smell of sulphur in the air would have made her swoon had she been alive.

"There must be some mistake. I wasn't meant to burn for eternity in hell. I was meant to spend the afterlife in Heaven!"

"Maybe you will, maybe you won't... let me see." The demon looked at his clipboard. "Ah, this is your first trip into eternity. You have two more chances."

"You mean I'm going to be reincarnated?" 

"Eventually. for now, you must pay the price for your first life."

"But I did nothing wrong!" 

The demon descended from his throne and grabbed her tightly by the neck. "NOTHING WRONG! *NOTHING*!!! . . .  ***WRONG***!!! The nicest thing you did on Earth was to murder me when I was your husband! When I brought home a stray puppy, you fed it antifreeze and brought about a painful death, Right, Cerberus?" All three heads nodded in agreement.

"It's all here," he said, holding up his Android notepad. "Life insurance payments, you put in a secret account! Our three children, having three different fathers, while the one child you conceived from ME? You aborted her!"

"Why, I never..."

"Yes you did, Mother." A young girl came from behind the demon. Like everyone she, too, was naked. "I've seen how you treated my half siblings and am almost glad that I didn't have to put up with you on earth. That you murdered Daddy only allowed me to spend time with him here." The demon reached down and hoisted their daughter up to his shoulders. She hugged him and loudly said, "I love you, Daddy." then turned to her mother and said, "Fuck you, bitch."

"That's my girl!"

Holding the girl on his shoulders, he looked at his tablet. Hmmm. This is almost a record. You've broken all eleven of the ten commandments."

"That's impossible!"

"Nope. You were a self proclaimed Christian so that means that you were also under the law of Jesus who said  in John 15:12, 'This is my commandment, That ye love one another, as I have loved you.' "

"Lucifer has set forth a fitting punishment: for the next three thousand years, you will suffer as a plaything. The schedule will rotate, but Cerberus gets first shot. You'll get to be his chew toy for the next century, then you will be a sex slave for the next century for a group of inexperienced, incompetent virgins."

"I thought virgins went to heaven."

"These were internet trolls from Reddit. You'll suffer well."

"Oh, Daddy, don't forget me!"

"That's right. Our daughter is going to return to where she was before you ended her life. She's going to crawl back in you so you'll be pregnant with her for another century. Besides making you fat, she'll also send strange cravings for you to fulfill."

"And don't forget I can kick her innards as long and often as I like!"

"And this is how I spend the next three thousand years?"

"Oh, there's more. The good news is that you will be reincarnated, as a jackal. Your next life will reflect your previous: A bitch that should have been brought down sooner."

With that, Cerberus grabbed her in the gigantic jaws of his middle head. The demon looked up at the little girl on his shoulders and said "Let's go get some ice cream. Just don't let your mother know about it."

"Okay, Daddy!"