“And how many claws does Stewie have?” I flipped through *the book*, wondering what horrors were trying to befriend Emmy now. For a 8 year old girl, she has a talent for attracting some doozies. Though my mother warned me before bequeathing *the book*, I was not expecting so many demon lords and fae queens to be so interested in a little girl’s schoolwork. 

Emmy giggled. “None!”

“What about wings? Fangs? Scales? Tentacles?”

She shook her head giddily, “None of that!”

I paused, and begrudgingly flipped towards the back of the book where the more humanoid, and frankly more disturbing monsters lurked. We haven’t flipped through these back pages before. As the non-magical father to a daughter who comes from a long line of female witches but none of those other female witches were alive… hopefully Stewie turns out to be a friendly ghost.

“Does Stewie have eyes at least?”

“Yep!” 

“How many?”

“Two!”

“Where are they located?”

“On his face, silly!”

I frowned, “Does Stewie just look like a human?”

Emmy nodded, “He likes Milk Duds.”

“What do you guys do?”

“We just play at school.”

I sat back, a bit befuddled. *The book* doesn’t mention a Milk Dud loving boy who likes playing at school. “Is he… just a boy at your school?”

Emmy nodded happily, “He’s my first friend!”

“That other people can see?”

“Everyone can see him, Daddy! He did really good at the school’s spelling bee. That’s where we met. He spelled Stegosaurus.”

“Huh.” I stared thoughtfully at Emmy. It’s been a awhile since she made a human acquaintance. People had a hard time coping with the oddness that surrounds Emmy, even if they can’t see the eldritch beings that lurk around her. It just causes the hair to lift on the back of your neck, as if something is hunting you. I shivered.

I snapped *the book* abruptly close and stood up. “Well, we should invite Stewie over one of these days! You can show him your tree fort.”

Emmy gasped, “Really?”

I smiled, “Of course. It’s your first friend. I want to say hi.”

Emmy squealed, and grabbed my hand. She rattled on about Stewie and what fun they will have. I nodded and laughed, but my free hand rubbed the back of my neck. Trying to flatten the hairs down.

Stewie scared me.