"Can i - can i get this galaxy s-s-s-10 10 pl-pl-please ?"

"Of course man, it's 300 dollars, cash or card ?"

"What is c-c-ca-ca-ca car-cash ?"

The  interspatial transtraductor was not working again due to the long distances. The all team had been preparing for this since 400 venusian years. And here it was, again they were failing, so close to their goal.

"Look man, if it's too expansive for you i can drop it to 250, you know, because you look like a nice guy and i want us to be friend okay ?"

"Ok. Ok. This is your - zzzzz zzzzz - moOOoOney"

"This is not money fucking asshole, fucking crook what is that shit ? "

On the counter were 6000 billions of pure venusians emeraud, worth may be three private satelittes around  jupiter. 

Kang Glub Wu, had been geneticaly engineered and educated since he was born for this instant, and still, again, he was failling. He had still a last chance, and it was a terrible risk, that could cause a war between humanity and the venusians, a war already lost because of the human advanced smartphone technology, and that was also against the galactic laws. But he had to resort to violence.

"Human, if you does not gave my phony phone you die die die die -d-d-die will !"

"What ? Fuck off man, are you retarded ? "

The venusian took out his fatal sling, that could cut clean the youchublab of any opponents. He shouted his war scream with all his might and jumped on the big human as fast as the snow Yaploufes he used to hunt on Venus. 

Billy Globy slapped the face of the funny histerical little man. He was instantly thrown away at the other side of the street as if he was absurdly lighter than air. 

"Fucking bitch wanna steal my shit bitchass motherfucker !"

Kang Glub Wu was nearly dead on the rough human ground. His life was ending on another planet far away from his beautiful Venus. He was dying the same way then his predecessors. If only he had been able to get this wonderful phone, he could have transformed Venus and...

Rocko Madrigliani ran other something on the ground. He did not bother to stop. These fucking road were getting worst every day.