Dolan only had to flick a skeletal wrist for the flame to die in a whimper.

His frail form would have denoted a man worn by the coarse sands of time, save for all the grandeur of his Magic. Azure robes suggested a Grandmaster, amidst impressive tomes and trophies of antiquity that came with a life so long and powerful.

"Must we play these games?" Solus said, throwing out his arms as if to release his frustration.

"Hehe..." Dolan pointed, his enormous sleeve wafting around. "Again."

The Apprentice held out his hands, both index fingers and thumbs touching. After a moment of controlled breathing, a small flame emerged before him.

"Pow!" The Grandmaster flicked, shooting a spray of water to douse the flame and any confidence Solus still clung to.

"I came here to learn Aquamancy. What are we doing?"

"Calm down, boy." Dolan said, wafting in dismissal. He trundled along the room, taking pauses here and there to move the various obstacles in his way. When he finally arrived at his desk, he sat down with a groan of relief. The Apprentice had stood all the while in silence, beside the droplets that fell from his clothing. "Can you see it now?" He began, sorting the papers on his desk. "How weak fire is? You left because of this, no?"

"Does it matter?" Solus said, squeezing his clothes. Dolan paid some heed to the puddle forming on the floor, looking between it and the apprentice in conversation.

"Hydromancy, the Magic of Life. You have already tainted your soul with the flame. Why would I teach you now?"

Solus seemed taken aback. "I'm leaving."

"So soon? Were you just an ember, a week and that's it?" Dolan laughed, rising to his feet as his hands pushed on the desk. "You give up at the first hurdle, do you, boy?"

"You don't know anything."

"I know what I see. Couldn't burn as bright as the others, so you come here to snuff them out. All of you, all you can think of is destruction."

Solus paused as his eyes seemed to recall distant memories. He shook his head in clear irritation as he looked to the Grandmaster. "I have warmed families frozen in the nig-"

"By burning their house, I bet." 

"You know what? You've taught me something."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"You've spent 200 years in the Citadel, and for what? It's an echo chamber. You think books will show you the world?"

Dolan frowned, folding his arms. "The Citadel? It is by my hands alone that you people can even drink down there. Don't tell me of the world."

"It's by our hands that the water you send is drinkable. You people think of half solutions." Solus said, making his way to the door before stopping to turn back to the Grandmaster. "We heat the food you send in cans. We shape steel and stone to protect ourselves from the world your walls keep out. We *should* burn you all!" 

"Leave..." The Grandmaster said, pointing to the door. 

"Fine." Solus said, a tear cooling his flushed face as he made his way to leave.

"And take me with you."