“Alright star truckers! Welcome to another episode of the BeltWay, coming to you from the Delta nebula, where every collision is a sunny opportunity.” Ray-34D’s soothing voice piped over the radio, “Today we have some very special guests with us to talk about the newbies from the MilkyWay Galaxy. That’s right folks, we’re gonna get into humans—”

“Hold up Ray, you make them sound harmless. When we’re talking about humans here. Humans! Perverted, fleshy, bipedal things that are doing its best to destroy itself because it can’t plan for more than a century out.” V-$ep, the crackly digital all-intelligence objected.

“V-$ep they’re not that bad. When you were up and coming, you wanted to download yourself into every mainframe you came across, remember?” Quasary, the sentient galactic cloud cooed over the waves. Their voice was the most soothing out of the three, and more than one trucker had a hard time maneuvering around her gravity upon hearing it.

 “But have you seen what they do to the digital space they touch?” V-$ep insisted, “I mean networking everywhere! They’re still laying hardware with ancient animal byproduct. Making these circuits on what they call plastic, and they just shove it all over the place! Their gross electric ejections, and it's not clean! No ma’am, they’d been sending dirtily written data formats since before they joined the federation.”

“Well, hold on, that’s before they knew about digital sentience being a thing V-$ep,” Ray-34D said. “Has it gotten better since they were inducted into the federation?”

“No! It’s gotten so much worse. After they learned fusion, half of the Virgo Supercluster got bombarded by more of those pieces of hardware. You can’t go near it without catching something.” V-$ep’s voice shivered over the waves. “I’m surprised you’re defending them, Quasary, considering what they did to your sister.”

“That’s because they have such short lifespans. Besides, all supermassive black holes have their unique kink. I’ve learned to not shame it.” Quasary said.

“So your sister’s into that hun?” Ray-34D.

“Ray, some of us enjoy a light energy restraining bondage now and then. You did too when you were in your first half billion years.” Quasary insisted. “Those dyson spheres don’t just build themselves. It’s not healthy to be ashamed of energy suction.”

“Oh, have they figured out dyson spheres?” Ray-34D sounded bemused.

“Eww more plastic bits.” V-$ep groaned.

“According to my sister, they’re close.” Quasary said, “Which means they are getting to the edge of the line.”

“The extinction line,” Ray-34D sighed, “Sad how every time a newbie species learns about infinite energy, they start receding.”

“Good riddance! I say The Old Ones are doing us a favor this time if humans wake them.” V-$ep scoffed.

“I guess we’ll just have to see if that happens in the next million years or so.” Quasary said.

“And there you have it truckers. We’ll need to take a quick break before resuming our background radiation broadcast, so stay tuned while we get some words from our sponsors.” Ray-34D said before the waves transitioned over to: “Truckers, are you unhappy with the size of your current tail? Then come on down to the galactic rim for a modification! We cater to comets of all sizes and make-up!”