Two beasts are drinking from the fountain, like they've been doing for thousands of years. They are big, strong and fast, and they've basically killed every other creature that used to live in the area. 

—So there was this guy —the orange creature said—, and he was trying to stab my chest, but his sword broke into pieces as soon as it touched me. 

—Oh yeah, I love it when it happens —replied the other beast with the black fur while laughing—. And their faces when that happens, they're just so hilarious. 

—Humans are so naive, right? 

—Definitely —the black beast looked back and saw a silhouette at the distance—. Oh, here comes another one. Quick, hide! 

Both beasts went behind some rocks as the human came closer. He seemed confident and was walking a bit fast. He approached the fountain and searched for something in his bag. The orange beast grabbed a small pebble with their paw and threw it to the opposite side. The human grabbed his sword and turned around. 

—Who's there!? —yelled the human. The beasts were just laughing. The black one came out of their hiding spot and approached the human slowly. 

—Human... what brings you here? 

The human turned around again, shaking, and brought out his sword: —Beast! I've heard ancient stories about you, I know who you are! I'm not afraid!

—Oh, are you really not afraid? —said the black beast while walking around the human—. Countless others have tried to defy us, and all of them have failed. If you've heard about us, you should be more than afraid...

—I'm John the Brave, I'm not afraid of anything, and I'm ready for everything! 

—Alright John the Brave —said the orange beast while coming out of their hiding spot too—, let's do something. We will let you take the water if you... solve three riddles. 

John laid down his sword, and their expression turned into one of confusion. 

—Wait, what? Are you like, serious right now? 

—Sure! Look, not a lot of people come here lately and we're pretty bored, plus we're in kind of a good mood so, what do you say? Or do you prefer to be torn apart and eaten alive? 

—Well... —John was thinking about it. He finally sheathed his sword back after a couple of minutes—. Alright, seems fair. Let's do it. 

—Alright, let's begin —the black beast stopped in front of the human—. Riddle me this, John the Brave: Which creature has one voice and yet becomes four-footed and two-footed and three-footed?

After thinking for a few minutes, John the Brave answers:

—The answer is man. 

—Correct! —said the orange beast with joy while clapping with its paws—. Second riddle: There are two sisters: one gives birth to the other and she, in turn, gives birth to the first. Who are the two sisters?

John again thought about it for a moment, and he answered:

—The answer is day and night. 

—Alright John the Brave —the black beast spoke once again with an ominous voice—, final riddle: I can’t be touched and can’t be felt. I can’t be seen, or heard, or smelt. I lies behind stars and under hills, and any empty holes it fills. It comes early and follows after, ends life, and kills laughter. What is it?

—The answer is darkness —John the Brave said after thinking it for a long time. 

—That is...

—Wrong! —yelled the orange beast, interrupting the black one and killing the man with a strike of its paw. Then it started to eat the organs of the man. 

—Wait, the answer was right! 

—I know, I'm just hungry. 

—That's rude —the black beast approached the dead body and started to eat too. It stops after a while and looks to the fountain. 

—Something's bugging you? You didn't like the flavor? 

—Nah, not that. It's pretty good. I'm just thinking about what you said before. Almost no one comes here lately. What if we go to find our food, instead of waiting it to come here? 

—Hmm... —the orange beast thought about it for a while—. Maybe you're right. It could also be pretty fun! 

And so, the two beasts left the cave where the fountain was and started to walk to the nearest village.