The two figures on the wooded path could not be more different - one, a young girl of uncertain age, her brown hair matted with sweat as the days had gone by with corpse-filled rivers from the battlefield drifting down the course; the other, a Knight of Gloria, sworn to hunt down undead; the red-gold symbol of the kingdom pierced being the only marker that anything was amiss.

The girl spoke, a soft alto with a bitter accent of Indait; her skin now tanned by the daystar's rays. "So, Syt Alami, I understand you have further questions?" She raised her dank blonde eyebrows, a touch of fear in them.

Alami spoke, a deep, blue bass of a voice that nevertheless carried a threat of violence always. "I do not understand how Solaris saw fit to grant you the curse of Bound Undeath, yet still be divine to my senses. When I saw you for the first time in my life, you registered as such. That caused me to stumble in battle for the first time in....decades."

Alami paused for a moment in a deep shade on the path, thinking about what he would say next. "When I awoke next, I couldn't feel Solaris' touch on my soul, and instead I found....you." His eyes, hidden by the helm he wore, shone for a moment as his distemper threatened to overwhelm him. His voice broke as he spoke again. "When I felt Her touch once more, I thought I understood what conflict arose in me. But....I cannot serve two masters, and I feel both of your calls equally. It defies my faith and all logic of my Oath."

The girl giggled, the sound making her appear much younger than her uncertain age. "The great Syt Alami, brought low by a mage!" She giggled again (it was too young to be a cackle), a grin on her face as she told him again. "I joke, but that is only because I got lucky. I didn't mean to....bring you back as you were. I only...wanted to grant you peace, where you belong. Which wasn't in some dingy village, bogged down and eaten by carrion.

"You defended me from true monsters. Knowing what I am. What I can do. This is the very least I can do. So, I used my gift of Bound Undeath to....restore you. I didn't mean-" 

She was cut off as Alami put his hand up flat, a gesture of silence. He halted, then grabbed her by the arm and pulled her into the woods.

She frowned, and then looked out onto the path. What she saw made her breath leave her body. A swift rider, carrying a corpse.

*Mama.*