  The tiny mimic lay there, sighing internally. It was dark, there were finally no other sentients around, and a dragon just small enough to ingest got brave after sighting her. The dragon knew something was off, but was too young to avoid the temptation. It definitely didn't have enough breath to do a mimic lasting damage. She would feast! If only that damnable feathered wannabe didn't decide to compete.

  The flapping feather-brain had swooped down at the same time as the intelligent dragon, landing directly on this mimic. She would have swallowed the bird in seconds and resumed her wait in normal cases, but didn't want to miss the chance at the feast that a dragon's mind would provide, however young. Perhaps she could even get a proper grasp of walking on legs? Such strange toddly things.

  While she lamented the interruption, the dragon hissed slightly at the black bane, and the carrion creeper grasped her hard in its pathetic... foot? The mimic struggled to understand what the appendage on the bird would be called. It wasn't a proper claw, but had a similar form. These unimportant thoughts flickered through her mind as the dragon took a cautious swipe at the crow with a real and dangerous claw.

  The crow carried her backward slightly as it flapped away from the range of the dragon's swipe, still wary of attempting escape as it knew instinctively that the dragon could kill it at range, but was unsure of how to keep its shiny find. 

  'Please, please don't try flying off with me!' The mimic found herself praying. 'I'm so close to a real mind. I'm tired of all these insects and animals with barely a grasp of the world.' The windfall that would be a dragon was so close within her grasp, and... Oh, the dragon. Plasma burned as light could be seen near its mouth. Such a strange command of magic, dragon breath. Gathering pure mana just in front of his face, the tiny dragon fires a thin beam of heat at the crow, which barely had the wherewithal to dip slightly to the side, burning away a large swath of feathers and causing a slight hole in the side of a crate filled with now recently damaged pottery. The startled bird escaped immediately, loosing its clutch on its prize.

  Good! The furious feathered fiend flew off! Now the mimic would have her feast as the dragon came to claim what was rightfully his. She could hardly contain her excitement as she awaited. And continued to wait. Why was the dragon not approaching? She was definitely still in the shape of a coin, shiny and shimmering. She should be irresistible! 

  "Shall we have a talk?" Spoke the dragon, startling her. "You, uh, flinched slightly when the crow grasped you." Oh no, she had given herself up at a crucial moment! Should she reveal herself? At this dangerous juncture? "I won't harm you, shapeshifter. I am merely curious." As if anyone would believe that. 

  Then she noticed a sewer grate. Well, shit, in we go. She rapidly changed form into a cockroach and made a mad dash for safety, but lo, the dragon had the same thought and caught her in flight. 

  "Damn! Can't you just overlook me!?" She was trapped, clutched in a deadly claw high in the air.

  "I told you, I'm curious. Let's spend some time learning about one another."