I was reading a book when I heard a loud thud from my living room. At first I ignored it. I have a dog, you see, a big old St Bernard, and Rex has a tendency to go gallumphing all over the place, then run into furniture, and after immediately return to his running about. 

However, when I heard a voice from the other room, I began to panic. I lived alone(aside from Rex) and wasnt expecting any company. I eased myself off my chair, grabbed the dictionary from the shelf, and began to slowly and carefully make my way to the living room. 

As I approached the doorway, the voices got louder. My heart was pounding so loud in my ears I couldn't understand what they were saying. 

When I reached the doorway, I took a deep breath before going in. I raised the book. Stepped into the living room. And immediately froze. I scanned the scene before me. 

Rex, on the couch, with his expression guilty and his snout soaked in slobber. My mother's prize vase, knocked sideways onto the floor and coated in dog drool. And the man, with dark green skin. And no legs. 

The man gave me a nod. "Hello, Master of my Master." 

"I'm going to faint." I murmured. And then I toppled. 

-----

I came to and discovered Rex standing over me, dripping drool onto my face. I sat up, and wiped most of the grossness off with my shirt. "Ew. Thanks, Rex." 

He responded by wagging his tail furiously. 

I turned my gaze back to the man." You're still here."

"Indeed I am." He nodded. "I am tasked to remain by my master's side until he makes his wish for the day. "

I rubbed my face with a hand, accidentally smearing around the dog spit I missed. "Jesus christ." 

Rex cocked his head at me, and the green man shook his head with a smile. "Nope. Just your average genie."

"Ok, so. Let me get this straight. My dog," I pointed at Rex, "*that dog right there*, woke up a genie, who was living in my mother's favorite vase." The genie nodded. "The same vase," I continued, "that my mother filled with flowers 24/7/365 throughout my childhood, and up until the day she passed." 

The genie nodded again. "I was always wet when your mother owned my vase." He noted, sounding annoyed. 

"And now that my dog woke you up," i pointed at Rex, more aggressively this time, "*again,* that dog *sitting right there*, he gets a wish a day, until...?" 

"Until the day my master makes a wish I cannot provide, or that is not his own desire, or entirely fails to make a wish, he is allowed one wish a day." The genie replied. 

I rubbed the last of the slobber from my face with a shirt sleeve. "Okay. Okay. Glad we got that sorted out." I sat down on the couch, and Rex hopped up next to me, plopping his big dumb head in my lap. I scratched his ear absently. 

The room was silent for a while, aside from Rex's leg thumping on the couch, and his tail wagging madly.

"So, did Rex make a wish yet?" I asked the genie.

"I don't know." He replied, his tone cheery. "I can't speak dog."