It was one of the nicest brunch bars in Chicago. Kenzie loved spending her mornings here and the price wasn't much of an issue. Why, with just a few more clicks, she'd made $452.18. It was a random amount, but that just helped her avoid the fraud detection algorithm.

"Excuse me miss, there's a massive wait. Mind if I join you? Don't worry, I'm not hitting on you but there's a 45-mins wait and I have to go before then."

She turned to regard him. It had never happened when she sat on the patio, so she was a bit flustered. And then she saw who it was and it turned to full-on dread.

That was Leroy Brown. Sidekick to Stonefist the hero her boss was always going on about. 'How did he find me?'

She was somewhat predictable, but unlike this clown her disguise was first rate. She didn't want to fight here, they might ban her.

"Oh, it's okay, sorry I asked. Sto... stomebody insisted I eat here so I'd been hoping to today. Have a nice day."

"No, it's alright. I haven't even ordered food yet. Just let them know." Kenzie said. While he made his way through, she stifled a laugh. Not only did this fool not recognize her, he nearly said Stonefist. Maybe she could learn something useful for her trouble.

"Name's Jim, thanks for sharing your table." he said with a smile. She was glad he didn't want to shake hands or hug. Not only were they about to eat, but then she'd have to check for a bug.

"Kenzie." she would have lied, but she was a regular here. "How's your day?"

To her surprise, he actually answered the question. Who does that? The correct answer is good, but this was so much better. "Aggh, I don't know. To be honest, I didn't even want to come here. This place is far from me and overpriced, but it was the only way to make my boss get off my back."

"I can relate to that. Mine won't stop calling me at all hours of the night so we can work on his stupid project."

"Don't even get me started on that. Mine is obsessed with getting this uh, this competitor so he'll get angry everytime they escape, spend weeks planning how to get them, and then wake me up at 3am because they did something unexpected." his hands were emphasizing his point the entire time. It made him fun to listen to.

"It's sooo annoying, I'm like, why don't you guys just f*ck already and be done with it?"

His cheeks reddened. "Well, I wouldn't go that far." with a cute grin he allowed, "but yeah."

"And what's crazy is they both want the world to be a better place. They just don't agree on how."

"No, the competitor doesn't care about safety at all."

"He just understands how many more will die if we don't start doing something about corporate greed and corruption immediately."

"He wants to destroy the system. At least my boss is in the right even if he annoys the crap out of me."

This is why Kenzie hated the do-gooders. We have to work within the system the real villains already own. They own the factories, farms, and technology. They own the politicians and regulators. And we're supposed to wait for them to change things?

Her boss was different. He saw what needed to be done, saw how to do it, and he could make his vision happen as soon as he got over his obsession with Stonefist. Else she wouldn't work for him, she had no interest in destroying the world, especially while she lived here. And doing nothing would be the same thing.

"Whatever, let's just figure out what we want." Kenzie said no longer interested in juicy secrets.

It became awkward very fast. Kenzie knew what she wanted, there were six things she enjoyed and today was a Monte Cristo day. So she stared at the street while Jim alternated looking at her and the menu. 

Finally, it became too much for him. "Look, I'm sorry, at some point we were probably talking about two different people. I was just talking about the competitor of my boss."

"I know."

"So why are you so angry? You know he's a villain right?"

"No. He is villified by the media owned by his targets, persecuted by laws written by their puppets, and hunted by people like you who don't think for yourself."

"Civilians just don't understand. We once stopped him in a hospital. He had a bomb. How is that not evil?"

Kenzie wanted to answer. If it wouldn't blow her cover she would have just to set the record straight. "Civilians? You say that like you aren't one."

He looked around nervously and then leaned over the table. "I doubt you'll believe me, but I'm Leroy Brown. Just don't post about it on Twitter please. I don't care if you tell your friends though."

Kenzie was dumbstruck. She knew this, it wasn't a surprise, but to admit it to a stranger. He had to know who she really was. Or did he? Even though this place should be safe, she had her minimalist kit and a safehouse nearby. It wasn't a problem, this was just Leroy and not Stonefist after all.

"Then you should be smarter. Think deeper about what he wants and what you are really protecting. Are they closer than you think. You get to see the scene firsthand, you don't have to let the news give you the spin." Kenzie said. She was saying too much, but she wanted him to see the world her way.

"Why are you so insistent? Why does it matter to you?" Jim asked in a way that seemed curious instead of accusatory.

"Because I know Doctor Guillotine."

"Well if you know him so well, then what was he doing in the hospital."

"For whatever reason that hospital kept their billing information on two local servers. We were going to eliminate a bunch of medical debt."

"We? Are you Technosass?" Leroy Brown accused. He even pointed his finger like a child.

"No." she lied so poorly nobody was fooled. It wasn't one of her skills, she was a person of half-truths and subtle deception.

"You don't seriously expect me to believe that. It's so petty."

"He's been fighting a dude named Stonefist for years. All he ever talks about is taking on the fist. Heck, we're in Chicago, no global hero comes here. Few national treasures would even bother with this freezing winds."

"You ruined my credit score. I have been living with Stonefist cause of you."

"You got paint on my hair."

"Do you know how bad of a roommate Stonefist is? I've suffered far worse than your precious hair."

"It really is lush, glad you like it." Kenzie said with a playful smirk. In actuality she wanted to avoid upsetting the waitress. Her sensor had already caught the impatient girl mumbling, "Jesus, why don't they just have sex already and be done with it."

r/AurumArgenteus