I barely remember anything of the incident that brought me here.

There I was, just walking home from the market, saying my usual prayers, when I saw it out the corner of my eye; a truck careening towards that sweet young boy. He was completely oblivious top the danger, head straight down in his phone.

I remember running towards him and pulling him close but after that... nothing.

When I awoke, I found myself on soft, lush grass, the suns painting the sky a mellow orange.

*Suns?* I thought.

Suddenly, I was straight up, head on a swivel. Around me were the trees marking the edge of Hangman's Forest. Down the hill was the town of Cow's Meadow, the stalls looked alive with business and several caravans were leaving through the town gate, no doubt carrying their cargo.

*How did I get here?*

"I brought you here", a voice said. Suddenly, a woman wearing a revealing white dress appeared out of thin air, hovering down to the ground from nothing, her feet looking as though they were barely touching the ground. "I am Isador, Goddess of Fantasy."

"Goddess of Fantasy?" *Is she a cosplayer? It would explain the outfit.*

"I am NOT a cosplayer, I really am a Goddess!!" The woman had pouted. "I made this world for that boy and you RUINED IT!"

"What are you talking about?"

"That was boy clinically depressed! He was endlessly bullied, abused at home, and treated as an ATM by his school club! The only point of solace he had was fantasy, were he could escape his troubles! Once I found out about him, I vowed to make his next life spectacular!"

*Next life? Oh no...*

"I observed him for MONTHS, learning what he likes..."

*It couldn't be...*

"...crafting this world the way he would want..."

*So that truck...?*

"So when he DIED," Isador shouted, "he would be able to live the way he wanted..."

*...I died?...*

"IN ABSOLUTE SIN!!"

*Wait? What...?* "In absolute what?" I said.

"SIN! DEPRAVITY! IMMORALLITY!! After being abused so long, he wanted the ability to take whatever he wanted; food, treasure, woman, just to feel some semblance of control. Is that so wrong?" A silence wrung out. Isador just stood there, awaiting my answer.

"YES!!" I shout back. *This lady's crazy*. "When someone's hurting inside that much, you don't feed their desires, you walk them back from the edge!"

"Crazy, am I?! Well then, you can rot for all I care!! I was going to take you where you belong, but now, you're staying here! You won't last a week without becoming someone's **bitch!**" And with that, Isador vanished.

It was rough first week. Once I made it into Cow's Meadow, the sights I saw were horrific. People sold as cattle, woman and children corralled into cages, men forced to fight to the death for the enjoyment of others. It was horrific. But I kept my head down, managing to get myself hired at an inn, were I have been mistreated and harassed. I proved that demon wrong, though. I made it that first week, and then another. Then two more. All the while hoping my prayers would reach home.

And now they have. My gods have found me, have given me strength and now I have the power to change this vile place for the better.

So... wanna help me save the world?