"...You are so small, little Rand," the lumbering undead whispered, barely touching the young man's head. He may have, at one time, sought to ruffle the youth's hair, but his nervousness made him reluctant to touch, to feel the smallness of the child before him.

Rand of Grey Haunt was no older than seven Summers, and had only called upon this paladin's soul - Edea, the Spirited, because he was afraid. He was so *small*, the world out there was towering over him, like forest trees might lord over a mouse. Grey Haunt had been neglected, spiritually, when the elders some centuries ago forced the Church to leave, taking with them all the sacres to chase away the dark and evil night. In their neglect, the town had fallen, dark magic and vile beings had run the town through, and it had been Edea's mission to deal with the situation. Unfortunately, Edea was soft-hearted, and the moment they had spotted Rand, a bolt of magic tore their soul from their mortal form, and it had been silence for only a blink.

Rand, after all the fires had settled, pulled out a book that was too heavy for his stick arms to carry, and had called for Edea's flesh to be brought back to life. Edea found their body was cold, it did not have a beating heart, and it did not hunger or thirst, nor need rest. But poor little Rand, so tiny as he was, had made sure they'd survived, and had been able to gain passage to Redbrand, the next major town. There, Edea hoped to speak with the Church, perhaps beg for clemency for this child, whose body so easily fit into the back of their shield. When they arrived, Edea had called on Rand, to follow up the steps leading to the Church. Rand, whose feet were nimble, but body weak, heaved every breath as he climbed the myriad stairs to the building. Just in front of the door, was the holy sigil, which reacted to Edea's presence still, allowing the pair to enter. Edea swept Rand up into their arm, his head against pauldron, as they made their way through the smoke of prayer.

Edea had thought it would sting, to be in the presence of holiness, as one unholy, but though the means had been darkness, their life was still deemed pure it seemed. 

"Edea the Spirited has returned!" Came the call from behind, a bell above them ringing as a Saint had entered the Church. The captain of this branch, Wise Aelus, turned to face them. Aelus was not like Edea, Aelus served as the brain, where Edea was the arm and the fist. 

"Edea, what has become of you?" Aelus breathed, rushing to embrace their face with hands. Edea placed Rand carefully on the ground, as Aelus completed his inspection.

"I am ashamed, Wise Aelus, for I perished on the field. I am-"

"You were welcomed, Edea," Aelus smiled, "Had you not been allowed inside, perhaps we would have had words, but you are *here*. Come, come little one, what is your name?"

Aelus knelt, as adults do when they speak with children barely half their size. Rand looked to Edea, who nodded at him, encouraging him to speak. 

"I am...Rand, of Grey Haunt. I asked Edea to-to help me. I'm sorry!" Rand's eyes watered, his hands covering his face. Aelus brought the boy closer, comforting his tears.

"Rand, little Rand of Grey Haunt. You too, were welcomed into this place. Whatever happened, it was not without the divine Purpose." Aelus smiled gently, allowing Rand to cower behind Edea's legs.

"I had thought I'd have to fight here, as I have to escort this child through the misery of the tainted lands. You welcome me, as if I still live. What purpose do you have for me, Wise Aelus?" Edea questioned, wise to the ways of dark magics and evil spirits. Aelus shook their head.

"None, Spirited Edea. Tell me, what is the Purpose?"

"Perfect love." Edea responded, straightening their stance.

"Why would we hate a child, who has had no time to grow beyond his ways of Grey Haunt? No. Love would be to teach this child, and to thank our god for you. I would be remiss not to recognise the love he has for you."

"Then what of Grey Haunt, why did we not love them?!" Edea hissed. Aelus' face fell, they turned to face the tall glass panel that decorated the main hall of the Church, and with a sigh they explained.

"They felt not love, nor joy, nor any pure thing. At the heart of Grey Haunt is a life so evil, so twisted, that it can only recognise darkness. That place lived in blindness, and was deaf and dumb to us, but it would open its senses to another," Aelus had tears down their own face, a haunted look levelled at Edea, "At the time, we had few Saints. We could not fight the darkness at that place, and I am ashamed that I allowed you to go. I am sorry, Edea, that you are unable to rest yet." 

Rand poked his head out to the side of Edea, looking at Aelus with a frown.

"The child is your first priority. Protect him, Edea," Aelus clasped their hands around Edea's gloves, "And when he has known these pure things, we may return to Grey Haunt with a greater number of Saints, and do as we were taught, to love that place."

"Yes, Wise Aelus." With a squeeze of their hands, Edea released Aelus and picked Rand back up into their arms, taking him further into the warmth of the Church.