She looked up from her half eaten meal, looking into the mad kings glaring eyes

"Excuse me?"

"Don't play dumb!" He snarled. 

"Whatever could you mean?" She tried to remain clam, but her sweating was betraying her. She silently cursed what ever being, higher or lower, invented sweating. 

"You. Poisoned. My. Wine. You didn't even try to hide the taste, the texture. I'm honestly quite offended that you would think that I would be so easily offed." 

The Queen gulped and she felt her face flush. Her breath hitched and her hands started to move violently on there own accord. She tilted her head up in defiance

"I... why would you suggest that, dear?" 

He just glared in silence at his wife. Behind his eyes she could see the tempest of rage and fury build, a storm on the horizon. A violent storm. Why did she let Gale talk her into this? 

"It was his idea wasn't it? The alchemist at the port" 

"I don't know who-"

"DON'T YOU DARE LIE TO ME CLAIRE!" He bellowed slamming his fists on the table sending his knife and fork flying. She jumped, immediately staring down at her plate with teary eyes. When had she started crying? 

"I have seen you" he said simply. Harshly. "whenever you go outside that castle. You don a cloak, a black one, and slip away when you think no one is watching. Well _I_ know Claire, and I know where you go."

He stood up from his chair and began to stroll towards Claire, who sat opposite him at the long table. His eyes were shaking with anger and his thin lips were contorted into a cruel grin. She just sat there unable to meet his gaze, shaking and shedding tears. 

"You slip away before dawn, don't you? And you walk all alone in the streets till you reach the port. You then go into that little whore-son's store. And what do you do in there? Talk?  Have sex? Plan to assassinate your wonderful and fair king? This is more than an _affair_ Claire. I. Know. Everything." 

He concluded his monologue standing over her. She, with her whole body trembling, looked up at her terrible husband. They stared at each other eyes. Silence. He bent down to her ear and she felt his thin, cold fingers run through her hair and grip. She shuddered.

"Pathetic" 

SLAM! 

Her face met the table. Then again. And again. Again. 

He let go of her hair and marched out of the chamber 

She was trembling terribly. The table cloth, once white, was now stained red. 

Her shaking hand reached up to her face. Her nose was broken.

She burst out crying, alone. Tears mixed blood. Her Wales of anguish over the fate of Gale, whom was almost certainly doomed, and the pain of her mangled nose, reverberated around the castle. She screamed, crying out. 

"WHAT HAVE I DONE!?"