The vampire peers down curiously at the human.  Pale, cold to touch, eyes hidden behind large thick dark shades...  If not for the heartbeat in her chest he would've mistaken her for one of his kin.  "Why do you not fear me, child?"

For the first time since their meeting began her eyes lite with the fire of life.  "Intellectually I know that I am a child to you but are you typically this condescending?"

It seems like he must extend an olive branch.  "My apologies.  You seem painfully young even before I consider your meager lifespan."

"Fine," the mortal bites out with more force than he thinks is necessary.  "Everyone thinks I'm a child anyway.  Why not an immortal monster?  But I'm 30."

That... does not seem right.  "Are you certain...?"

The child, no, the woman displaces her sunglasses while rubbing her face with one hand.  "Of course I am certain.  I just have a portrait in the attic is all."

"... Dorian Gray?"  Such magics were lost for a reason, the least of which being that the various immortals are such bitter rivals for which path is the true one.

Her smile is bright.  The first smile he's seen her make, such a dour creature...  "You got the reference!  Yeah, that's the family joke.  Mom looks young too and her mom looked young as well.  Dad meanwhile always made the quip that he's working for eternal life and so far so good.  Didn't last, but he often said it when he wasn't claiming to be Satan."

Which would make her mother a witch if she truly is a Bride of Satan.  But for both parents to joke of eternal life or eternal youth... peculiar.  The vampire makes a mental note to warn his sire of a strange familial line.  Even if it is nothing more than a joke there must be some kernel of truth to it.  "Is that why you do not fear me?  I am a vampire.  A monster that regards your kind as a meal or a pet more than anything so kind and gentle as family."

"Hmm.  Want me to count it out?"  The seemingly fearless woman taps one hand with a slim finger from the other. "Let's see.  First: I'm anemic, so you won't get much blood to begin with compared to others.  Second, I'm stupidly underweight so that won't help either.  Third: screaming will only piss you off and likely make it messy and painful.  Fourth, humans are a lot more terrifying and if you're gonna say the whole 'meal' thing again, you have clearly forgotten about cannibalism being a thing.  Fifth..."

"Your argument is that you are an ill-fitting meal and that humans are worse?"  Such a brazen human.

"Well it's not like I can tell you it is wrong or that you shouldn't.  You need food and while media has portrayed vampires as eating animals, I have no idea if that'll even work.  In a pinch I guess you could go to a blood bank but again I have no idea if stored blood will work.  So yeah why would I make the argument that it's wrong when that argument by default won't work?"

The vampire mulls over the human woman's words.  "Is there another reason why you do not fear death?"

"Depression!"  She seems somehow happier when talking about this than anything before.  "I clawed my way out of the worst of it but... yeah there's still a lingering malaise.  I don't want to die but if I have to die at least I can make the argument for my end to be quick and painless."

"I..."  The vampire hesitates.  "I became a vampire because I feared death.  I can understand you wishing for it to be as kind an end as possible but I cannot..."

"Then don't kill me.  Easy as that.  I'd be a terrible meal and if you want to find some blood, I'd recommend someone who wants to share it."

"I have lived for three hundred years.  I know how to find prey willing to be consumed without any loss of life that will draw a hunter's ire."

"Oh good.  You're not one of the 'drain until the end and waste a life a day' type of vampire!"