"Why aren't you scared? I'm a vampire, a creature of the night, a-"

"Humans are worse. You at least have the honor to let me face my death. Not that I think you'll kill me. You're all posturing and no actual danger, as far as I can tell." The human, presumably female but toeing the line of androgyny, pushed easily past the inhuman man toward the alley's exit. "Have you seen what humans are willing to do to each other? Any human with a gun and a reason to use it could kill me whenever they felt like it. You're nothing special, Sir Vampire."

The vampire stood speechless. His prospective victim was not wrong. But she had forgotten something. "You forget, I have reason enough to kill you. I must feed after my long rest. You shall not escape death through clever reasoning, young one!"

"Escape death? Why do I need to die to begin with? Could you not just partially drain a few people and sate yourself that way?"

"There is no such thing as partial draining, Woman! As soon as I touch-"

The woman in question slapped the vampire in the face in a display of true fearlessness. "First, you're a sexist bastard. Stop that. Second, is there any reason why my blood cannot be drank from a cup or something else of the like? Come, my apartment is around the corner, and we can settle this there."

-------

"Alright, I have followed. Now may I-"

She sliced her wrist open in a practiced motion and laid the cut atop a cup that had been on the counter. The Vampire paused, shocked, and the woman took her chance to talk.

"The human body can safely lose about a pint of blood without major consequences. I doubt a pint will fill you up, but getting people to give you a pint of blood should not be difficult with proper incentive."

She bandaged the cut a minute later, and grabbed the cup with her uninjured hand. "Here, a drink. Go learn how the world works, and go be a functional member of society. There's plenty of things that a vampire like you can do to earn your keep. Now go. When that cup of blood is finished, your hospitality has officially run out."

A gun, having been pulled quietly from a nearby drawer while the man drank, made her point. And so, he placed the cup down, and jumped out her open window in dramatic fashion.

A fanged smile watched him fly away. "So uneducated. So uncivilized. Let's see how long he lasts."