The young man paced back and forth in my small office, hands clasped behind his back as he mumbled to himself nonstop. He would occasionally glance at me, then shake his head and continue to mumble to himself. I tapped my fingers on my desk, my patience worn thinner than rice paper at the display. 

“Are you ready for the wish?” I asked. 

“How can I be?” he asked. “Half a wish is like… just half of what I want!”

“Yeah, you don’t need to explain Half Wishes to me,” I sighed impatiently. I had unfortunately already taken his credit card information, so I didn’t want to just send him off at this point. It was a nearly completed sale.  

“Okay, okay, here’s what I got,” he said, finally stopping the pacing to face me. “What if I pay for two wishes and use the first one to figure out what I want to wish for the second one?”

“That works fine, what do you wanna wish for?” I asked quickly. 


“Okay, so this isn’t my wish. I’m still kinda workshopping,” he spun his hands forward in a circle and I nodded along, pretending to be supportive of him taking up even more of my time. “My first wish should be to ask what my next *two* wishes should be. And then since you’d only grant half of it, I would get one wish, which would be exactly what I want, right?”

“I can’t guarantee any outcome of any wish,” I pointed to the warning with the same text on the wall behind me. 

“Right, yeah, but this is half a wish, how else could it be interpreted, right?” he asked, holding up a finger from each hand. 

“I just said—”

“Right, right, right, right, right, right,” he punched his open hand a few times. “Okay, yeah, I think I’m down… I’m down. I’m down!” he psyched himself up. 

I displayed my palms upward, giving him the floor for the wish. 

“Alright, alright… umm… I want to know what my next two wishes should be!” he said, closing his eyes and fists tightly.

“You need to say ‘I wish,’” I said, pinching the bridge of my nose. 

“Okay, yeah, for sure,” he said. “I *wish* I knew what my next two wishes should be!” 

I nodded and snapped my fingers, the papers in the room shaking slightly at the execution of the power. He opened his eyes, first with elation and then immediately tumbling to forlorn. 

“What happened?” I asked, genuinely curious. 

“I was given half of two wishes. That I should wish for a billion and that I should wish for a license,” he sighed. 

“What were the two wishes you had in mind?” I asked.

“A billion dollars and a pilot’s license. I don’t want half a license and I’m afraid that your wish for the money won’t give me millions of dollars, but instead something fraudulent or impossible to gain money.”

I nodded, having seen many clients end up in those last two scenarios very often. 

“Okay, what if I ask for a… ummm…” he sputtered and unconsciously began pacing back and forth once more, mumbling to himself. 


“You know there’s a line, right?” I informed him, gesturing to the door behind him. 

“Give me a minute!” he snapped. “Ummm… I’m going to wish for both of them at once! I can live with just one. Can I use an ‘and’ in a wish?” 

“Sure, but it doesn’t necessarily mean that either wish will be—”

“Yeah, I get it, no guarantees, let’s do this,” he said, clapping his hands together. “I wish for a billion dollars *and* my pilot’s license!”

I snapped my fingers once more, very curious how this would turn out for him. The world outside went dark the moment the power passed through the room. We both gave a glance outside, followed by both of our jaws dropping as we discovered what caused the weather to change. 

A billion licenses were falling from the sky. They covered the sun as they cascaded down a waterfall of plastic rectangles. My client swallowed hard and looked at me. 

“Am I…”

“All wishers are liable for their wishes,” I pointed to another sign behind my desk, to which he ran out immediately. 

Before I could even call the next customer inside, one barged in and threw a wad of cash on my desk. 

“I wish I could fly!” he said confidently. 

I snapped my fingers. He levitated about an inch from the floor. 

“Sick!” he smiled and floated out of the room. 

My eyes were drawn back to the outside where the to-be pilot was scrambling and picking up handfuls of licenses at once. He looked one over for a moment then screamed to the sky in anguish. He looked to me in the window and screamed,

“It’s a Student Pilot License! I already have one of these!” 

“Well now you have a billion and one!” I screamed back, tucking the wad of wash away and calling for the next customer.

_____________

For more wishful writing, check out r/Nazer_the_Lazer!