The last battle with him had taken out of me more than I had bargained for and the blood bath and piles of corpses it had caused was a sight that even made me slightly nauseous. The hero? He'd started vomiting leaving himself completely defenseless. It would have been an easy victory at that point but it would be meaningless. Had I killed him they'd send another in his stead and he'd have an advantage over me knowing all my moves while I knew none of his.

No. What I wanted was not to kill him, but to make him mine. Not by kidnapping or forcing him, that would make him betray me. I needed him to give himself to me willingly. So I stopped that day.

Right now as I heard the news about the hero I laughed. Their beloved hero, protector, savior had become traumatized protecting them yet they only had curses for him.

Day in and day out people curse him for not being able to save all their loved ones. After giving yourself to a cause when that cause treats you as such, it gets to your head. Being in such violent situations day after day gets to your head. The hero was no different, it got to him. And when he told the others about it, they mocked him — laughed at him for being weak.

I laughed.

It was ironical, probably the strongest one from their side was being called weak.

And I found my chance, I could make him mine.

"Depression, does not make one weak. Stepping on those with depression makes you a fucking asshole. If even all of you could land achit on me combined despite battling depression, I'll give you full permission to call him weak. That's right I challenge you. I won't attack in return only dodge. For the next week anyone can challenge me."

I broadcast the statement.

News channels had seen this as an opportunity to interview me without being pulverized. While kids had suddenly started asking to meet me (apparently my broken arm and attitude towards mental health gave hope to many). None dared to challenge me. I entertained the kids, knowing they deserved that hope. I liked to make machines, not kill people. Sure they were a bit... let's not get into the details.

The week ended and I had a single visitor. The hero.

"Thank you!" He said bowing completely and I was taken aback. He had his back bared to me, completely defenseless. "I thank you for standing up for me and everyone that I couldn't stand up for."

"You know the offer has ended right? I can attack you right now." I said, a smile forming on my lips.

"And you know I'm not weak enough to not be able to dodge."

"I'm not sure about that. You are not wearing your suit."

At this statement the hero blushed. He mumbled something that I only heard because of my hearing amplifiers, which are aids in your language but amplifiers sounded cooler.

"The suits have a tracker."

"Alright then. Tea or coffee?"

"Coffee."

I smiled. I had gotten him on my side.