The alarm was going off. Sighing I pushed the button that silenced it, checking my wall of monitors. Yep. There they were, sneaking around the house. It looked like about three of them. Which was a significant downgrade from the last group. Of course, this was probably a different mercenary boss than the last. Checking the monitors again, I moseyed over to the fridge, pulling out some bottles of juice. I would hopefully have enough time to enjoy—  
"Freeze!" Nope, no such luck. Turning, I sipped, before holding out the bottle.   
"Would you like some juice?" They reacted as if I'd threatened them, levelling their guns at me with many clicking noises. I assumed that meant they were ready to fire, but I was never very good with gun knowledge.   
"We want none of your foul juice. We're here to kill you." The leader — I'm assuming—  growled. Carefully setting the bottle of juice down on the table, I took two steps to the left. Hopefully, no stray bullets would shatter it.   
"All right then. Go ahead." I spread my arms wide, presenting a bigger target. The guns rattled, and bullets bounced off my impervious skin. There was a shattering sound from the table. Dang it. One of them had hit the bottle.   
"Did you really think bullets would work? I've had people throw grenades, WMDs, and all sorts of explosives. Not that I'm encouraging that sort of thing. I really like this house and it's getting a little annoying having to rebuild all the time." As I finished, a net dropped over my head. Ah, there had been a fourth member of the team. It constricted around my frame, drawing tighter and tighter. I flexed. And the net burst, dropping to the floor.   
"Yeah, nets don't really work on me either. Are you all done?" I asked. The leader, who'd been fishing for something in his vest looked at me with something akin to terror on his face. I tried a gentle smile, but that seemed to make it worse.   
"We have failed. You will kill us all now." He sounded quite resigned to his fate. The others in his team seemed to be trying to vanish into the woodwork. Pulling a dishrag from the counter, I wiped up the juice on the table, shaking my head at the group.   
"Look at the mess you made." Throwing the cloth over my shoulder, I ushered the fourth member of the team towards the others, moving closer. Except for the leader, they all cringed back. One even made a slight whimpering noise.   
"I'm not going to kill you. But I am going to send you back to your boss, whoever that might be, with a message. Tell them this. All I want is to be left alone, out here with my fruit trees, making custom juices. I might even go into business selling juice. I am no threat to anyone but if they keep sending people I may become one. Now," I went to the fridge, adding a fourth bottle to the three I'd taken out earlier. Back to the group. "Here, take these, and go. And if you like them, or if you don't, please let me know. I value any feedback I can get." I shoved the bottles into their hands and with a few careful movements got them out of the house. Going back to the monitors, I made sure they left the area before I got some more juice from the fridge. Tilting it back and taking a deep swig, I sighed.   
One additional mercenary team down, who knows how many more to go.