The air was thick with anxious anticipation as Doomsday entered the television studio, his black cape and immaculately fitted costume flowing across the room like a dark spirit. The television crew fidgeted nervously with their cables as he and the reporter took their seats.

"So, mister....uh...."

"Doomsday" His voice was soothing, almost comforting. A far cry from the shrill monologues the citizen of Metropolis were used to hearing.

"Doomsday. I'm sure you've heard the latest news about your fellow super and oft-cited rival, Omega"

"I have."

"Any thoughts when you heard the news?"

Doomsday sighed and looked down to the floor a bit, collecting his thoughts.

"I was.....stunned. Not by the fact that a super has depression, but because he spoke out about his condition. It takes a lot for someone of his position to be so open about that part of his--"

"So you support Omega, in all this?" the reporter blurted out, cutting him off.

"I do." said Doomsday with a slight bit of annoyance

"What do you have to say to the people who no longer see Omega as brave or courageous?"

Doomsday chuckled wryly and whispered something under his breath.

"I beg your pardon?" the reporter interjected

"I said you don't know a damn thing about courage!" Doomsday roared, his words dripping with hatred "None of you!"

The studio was silent as the reporter struggled to diffuse the situation.

"Mr. Doomsday, surely this kind of outburst...."

"Don't tell me how to feel. You wanted my opinion, and now you're getting it--"

Doomsday sat upward in his chair, and leaned just slightly toward the reporter.

"I'm going to tell you something right now, and I expect everyone to be listening. You, the citizens of Metropolis, the people in this room, EVERYONE. Omega and I have been rivals for the better part of a decade now, and by all accounts the man is invincible. I personally watched him take a tank shell to the head and walk it off. I might as well have shot him with a paper hornet.

When Omega comes to my base to arrest me. I don't fight him anymore, because it's simply a waste of henchmen and ammunition. No matter what I throw at him, he'll cut through my defenses like carving a cake."

Doomsday took a deep breath, composing himself slightly.

"That's why I say you don't know a damn thing about courage. The man is INVINCIBLE. He's never risked anything by showing up and stopping me any more than getting a kitten out of a tree. If stopping a supervillain is as easy as lifting a finger, and you risk nothing by doing so, is that really "courage"?

No. It's not, and it never has been. What makes Omega courageous is the fact that he wakes up every single day, not caring about anything and wanting to die. His regeneration factor is so high antidepressants go straight through his system and don't affect him at all, and the same invincibility that grants him safety when facing me means that he couldn't end it even if he wanted to".

The room filled with stunned murmurs.

"But this....guy" Doomsday continued, his serious expression turning to awestruck laughter "who can't live, and can't die, gets up EVERY. SINGLE. DAY, and tries to make the world a better place. So that others can live a life of happiness that he never could. He's hurting inside, more than you can ever know, and despite it all he saves your sorry asses anyway!"

The reporter shuffled nervously, looking into her lap like a child called into the principal's office. Doomsday continued:

"I know this because, well, I have it too. I have depression. But when I opened up about my struggles, as a young upstart super, people shamed me for it. The very people I protected shunned me, and I let that hatred turn me. I let that hatred take me over and make me something I wasn't. Something dark..." he bit his lip, visibly holding back tears "....something evil."

Doomsday turned to the camera, directly addressing the audience.

"It's not mental health that makes us "good" or "evil", but the choices we make that define who we are. That's why I'm taking a hiatus from crime, and why I, as of right now, am extending an invitation to Omega to join me in offering resources and support for other supers with depression, so that they too can make their voices heard. During this time, I'll also be converting my secret lab into a processing facility, where we'll work tirelessly to develop a cure for people like us. Antidepressants that work even with regeneration factor."

"Is...is this a trick?" the reporter stammered.

"No tricks. I know that doesn't mean anything to most of you, but Omega knows I'm not lying. If this was some ploy to catch him off guard, he'd already be here putting me in handcuffs"

"And this, cure you spoke of?"

"It'll take considerable resources and manpower, but I have reason to believe it can be done. We'll just need some rubies for the lasers and then we'll be able to start our first prototypes. Naturally an undertaking like this is immense, so it'll take community support."

"And what if people refuse to help?"

Doomsday chuckled as he laid back in his chair, flashing his signature villainous smile to the camera.

"Then this will be a short hiatus..."