"As a younger man, I wanted so many things. I committed every resource to I had to this end, and committed acts that would silence a belief in God. Most of all, I wanted to enter the sky and to go beyond it. To meet the stars, to learn what what was lying out th—oh no—" 

His speech arrested by a coughing fit, he started banging his fist against an exposed ribcage lined with what might as well have been bird bones. She just stared at him, still slightly stunned. He composed himself.

"It all sounds very quaint now, but you see, this was hundreds of years ago. Long before we had built the Interstellar Network and plundered every planet within reach. Back then, it just sounded like a figure of speech. But I knew the Earth would be a straightforward matter. At night, I used to lie on the hood of my car, staring up at the stars, planning the next steps."

"And you pretty much singlehandedly made it happen," she said. "We all know, it's a great story, yada yada. I just want to know you're for real in your commitment to making *this* happen."

"We uncovered many secrets on our voyages. The secret to a long, long life," he said with a sad smile, patting the shining, pumping apparatus behind him. 

Reference to the machine seemed to make him remember how uncomfortable he was, because his wrinkled face became suddenly frustrated and he shifted, with great effort, in place. They'd padded it with leather cushions and armrests, but there was only so much you could do. She'd heard that he couldn't even move from this spot, shitting and pissing right here, because of the volatility of the materials that powered the central device. 

As well as this, while the machine kept his heart pumping and his body hydrated, it didn't prevent the breakdown of his muscle fibres and bones. Even if he was disconnected now, he would crumple on the floor like a half-filled bag of rubbish.

"Yes," he said, noting her assessing his body, and evidently used to the look, "I'm not that young, idealistic man anymore. But my old age has taught me one thing — some secrets are best left buried out in space. And we're best left down here, looking up and imagining what they are."

"It seems like no-one has been able to imagine anything for as long as I can remember," she said. "And it's because your adventures cost us our starry skies, and our blue skies too. Your creations filled the air with toxic dust that prevents us from visualising anything beyond our immediate situation, from thinking about anything other than find shelter and scrounging something to eat."

"It's like I told you," he said. "Unlike most inhabitants of this planet, I can remember what it's like to lie outside and stare up at the stars. To know that's gone and to know it's your own fault — I feel all kinds of pains nowadays, but this one I can't describe."

"I'm guessing nobody's told you who I am?" she said.

"You're the leader of some resistance movement," he said. "Forgive me, I'm not so good with remembering names."

"That's right. My name doesn't matter. What matters is what I can do — what I *will* do. You're going to go back and fix this. You were going to go back either way, but now that I see you're willing to co-operate, it should be a fair bit easier. You're going to stay on Earth, on the hood of your car, and stop it from ever happening."

"What are you talking—"

"Yes, yes, OK, I have a power. I can push your consciousness backwards through time. I do it by hand and by feeling, kind of like throwing a ball, so it's not an exact science. But I can get you in the ballpark. Listen carefully to this next part. My procedure has a cost. You can't live in your younger body for too long without your brain starting to malfunction."

To her surprise, the old man had already accepted what she'd told him about her power and was considering this information. Clearly, he wasn't exaggerating his capacity for new concepts of reality. For a flash, she saw the man he must have been once — the one he was going to be again.

"You'll develop brain damage after a certain amount of time. Probably about one or two years. I'm warning you now so you can plan accordingly."

"Plan?" he asked. "So I suppose this means I'm not coming back?"

"Sorry," she said. "I just don't have that capability."

He nodded, looking vacantly off. "Well, I suppose that's that." He smiled, then suddenly lifted his face upwards with a force she would never have guessed he could summon. He stared up at the black ceiling above, his face almost seeming illuminated, as if he was staring into a vault full of shimmering gold.