"Oh, that is where you are wrong, human. There are different ways I can kill you; you will kneel before me begging to let you go in a matter of time."

"Whatever dude." The man took out his phone and started browsing Reddit. r/vampires u/real vampire sightings.

The camera clicked as he took a selfie.

"Great, I should've known that you would vanish in pictures." Said the man with a visible disappointment.

It was a full moon night in the forest, with a dense haze covering the whole sky and surroundings. A vampire dramatically appeared before a man thinking he would run for his life like every other human he encountered before. Little did the vampire know he was up to so much disappointment.

"You insolent little fool, I will show you." The careless behavior of the human pushed the vampire to his limits.

The tall, dark, and brooding vampire took one glance at him. His eyes were as slick as red cherries, his stare as sharp as a knife, and his brows stretching thin. Whatever the vampire was doing did not affect the man. Surprised and confused, the vampire decided to do something else. He gave him a speech.

"Look, I will give you one chance to get away from me. Use it or get punctured by my fangs." The bloodsucker gave a firm warning.

"Wow." The man laughed out loud.

The vampire's tooth continued to grow out slowly. Fangs sharp enough to cut eyes that see it, and covered with drool.

"That supposed to scare me?" He asked.

"That, little human, is the cue for you to run."

"Not happening. I know what you're up to. You like hunting down your prey before you suck their blood dry, don't you?" He asked with a straight face.

"What? No. I do not drink people's blood."

"You don't? Well, that's anticlimactic. Then why were you trying so hard to scare me, dude?"

"God." The vampire sighed, "I don't like humans, is it not obvious? Moreover, I believe you have already spoiled my routine."

"Sorry if I breached your private --- whatever that you were going to do here at this time."

"I came here looking for a stag, you know."

"Ah, that makes sense."

"Yes, looks like there's no stag for me today, thanks to you."

"Stop complaining I already feel bad."

"What the hell are you doing here, little man?"

"I was just taking a stroll."

"Stroll? All alone?"

"Yeah, well, you and I share the same feeling. I hate being around people."

"You are a funny man. Long night?"

"Tell me about it."

"I would but it would bore you to death. I have lived for an eternity; do you want me to tell you about every single day of my life? I'll start with..."

"That's... Never mind. Say can we meet again?"

"What are you implying, human?"

"That we can be friends?" The man asked curiously.

"Hmm." The vampire spoke after being hesitant for a moment, "Interesting proposal but what do I gain from this deal?" He asked.

"Do you enjoy anything other than blood?"

"Yes, I will have coffee every time we meet."

"De-coffinated?"

"As I said earlier, you are a very funny man."

"Call me Jacob." He chuckled.

"Very well Jacob. You can call me Viktor."

WP.r #140 • r/FleetingScripts