“... *if a *single* word passes those disgusting, mucus-covered lips of yours that is in any way critical of your town’s hero I assure you I will personally introduce you to the taste of your own foot!*”

Neo-Skeletron’s ghost-plasma left a scorch mark on the sidewalk where the middle-aged couple had been standing. Both of them squirmed to get free from their rescuer, looks of indignation covering their faces.

“Do you know who I am?!” The man, an unbuttoned too too-small polo shirt and distractingly visible veins, shouted. “You could have hurt us! Get your hands off my wife!”

Marquise Mime, being unable to respond while using her powers, tried to show herself as unthreatening with her apologetic body language, but her attempts only seemed to make the couple angrier, and what few people gathered at the edge of the conflict seemed to grow more upset as well. The man’s wife, a leopard-print shirt and long, bright pink fake nails, started to join but all were silenced by the roar of Neo-Skeletron’s chassis charging up.

“*There! That, right there!*” The voice cut through the static that allowed the angry spirit to speak. “*This is exactly the kind of nonsense I’m talking about. Do any of you not see how much danger you’re all in, how deeply willing to end your lives I am? Am I going insane? Is, is that what’s happening, Mime? Did I finally go insane?*”

The voice, more and more, began to lack the usual dramatic overtones she was used to as Neo-Skeletron seemed to sink into a sitting position. Marquise Mime made her way over to the looming mechanical graveyard that was her foe, her back still to the public records building that seemed to be his target in case this was some kind of trick. 

*Has something caused you a grievance?* Her signing was still rusty, but she hoped her message was carried well enough to be understood. 

The nearest thing to an otherworldly sigh shook the rubble of the street as Neo-Skeletron’s skull clinked against the glass of its preservation tank, the sudden movement of him resting on his hand causing the bones and wires to sway in their fluid suspension.

“*I just, I just don’t get it. With every step you make this place better. You’ve single-handedly saved the lives of so many people in this miserable city. Look! Like this!*”

The whirr and piercing scream of his Ectocanon carried across the bricked facades. Marquise Mime, her reflexes, and her invisible wall was the only thing standing between a man recording the encounter on his phone and a very messy bit of pavement. The look she gave her foe rivalled the danger posed by his necro-arsenal.

“*See! See! That man is, one second ...*” 

His skull rolled back and bright light appeared in the sockets of his eyes. A yelp and sudden footsteps followed as the phone hit the street, its owner deciding to be anywhere but here.

*Stop! These people are innocent! You’re just using them as pawns, as usual!* She hoped her extra pointing and sour expression carried some kind of extra-grumpy tone to go with her signing.

“*As I thought!*” The voice carried from the large mechanical creature as well as from the ground, echoing from the phone’s speakers. “*He was taking crude photographs of you as you risked your life to save people! He’s not dead because you saved him! Still, I’m willing to bet he’d blame you for losing his phone.*”

The screen went dark as all of Neo-Skeletron’s focus went to moving his body again. Marquise Mime tried to keep her frustrations with things as bay. She knew she had to keep people safe.

The static from the undead automation’s spirit box tuned into focus, loudly playing a news report covering the events as they happened. That is, covering how dangerous super-criminals Marquise Mime and Skeletron were destroying parts of the historic downtown district in a reckless brawl.

It was enough. She knew people at that station. One of her friends did their sound mixing. Did he think that about her? Did anyone even know she was only there to protect people? It was enough.

The crowd seemed to draw closer to this small, strangely dressed woman as she silently began crying. It was just too much. Was this all it was going to be, for as long as she did this? She’d never hurt anyone. She did everything she could. It would always be-

*KKKREEEEEOOOOOW* 

The static cut out as the Ectocanon’s blast caused the nearest radio antenna to dissipate into green goo

“*IT! IS! NEO-SKELETRON! SKELETRON DOESN’T EVEN HAVE ACTUAL BONES! YOU HACK! YOU DIME-STORE SIMPLETON! SERIOUSLY, MIME, I ... oh. Uh. Mime?*”

A sudden need to comfort, like when seeing a corpse struggling to move for the first time, overcame Neo-Skeletron’s ethertanium-plated heart. 

“*Okay. You know what? Calling off the heist. I’ll get the proper names of my new friends from the cemetery later. This? This is a right-now problem.*”

Marquise Mime didn’t even manage to move from her wrapped-in-her-own-arms position as she still quietly cried all while her strangely-gentle foe scooped her up. Maybe she didn’t even notice at all. She didn’t want people to get hurt, but was it always going to be this hard while everyone but her had a voice for who, and what, she was?