Three childhood friends who haven't seen each other in years meet at the local bar. One by one each wanders in instinctively going to the three open stools on the right side. "Bloody Mary extra vodka, no celery" says Dave the first of the trio a bona-fide ladies man who looks like he just stepped of the cover of GQ in an expensive suit

Then comes Gerry "Rum and coke, on the rocks" he says dryly looking like he just stepped out of the amazon rainforest in expedition gear with an expensive Nikon case under his chin supported by a strap.

Finally we have Sam stumbling in sporting a freshly busted open lip, rocking shorts, sandals and a baseball jersey. "Three shots of whiskey, bottom shelf if it's all you've got Ricky I don't give a shit" 

As Ricky preps the drinks the trio start to realize that they're all together again. "still mixing trying to stay healthy and drunk ehh pal, tomato juiceand vodka...yuck" Gerry says to Dave to which his handsome friend claps him on the back and laughs when he recognizes the old verbal jab.

"Atleast I'm not still chasing skirts, getting decked and doing straight shots" Dave rebuffs aiming a barb at a sullen Sam, who smiles despite himself while he downs his first hit of whiskey.

"The thrill of the pursuing ass never gets old, but atleast I don't look like an old school adventurer dork" Sam throws out with a chuckle drawing focus to Gerrys out of place attire. "What about you Davey boy, looking like you just flew in after a photo-shoot. What's with the red on your otherwise pristine purple suit" He adds deciding to mock his other chum.

"That life isn't always glamorous, hell it can be painful, deadly even." Dave says going from 0 to 1000 in one sentence, his demeanor changing mid line. "You aren't wrong about Gerry though, kinda dorky" Dave adds realizing he was too oddly specific even though he doubted his pals would ever guess his real occupation.

 Before long though they settle into a night of revelry and reminiscing, reordering their original drinks repeatedly while Dave on the sly motions for Ricky to replace Sam's shots with water after awhile.