  
“No, wait. It gets worse.”  
  
“You sure about that?” Lana said, raising an eyebrow. Amusement danced in her eyes. “I’d say that tearing an entire theater apart over some pebble is pretty hard to top.”  
  
“Right?” I laughed. “But seriously, listen to this. Like I told you, Trueheart ordered the search because he thought there was a bomb in the theater somewhere. No proof, no evidence of tampering, just that - ”  
  
“Yes, yes, because Overclocked was in the theater earlier,” Lana interrupted. She had no patience for me repeating myself.  
  
“Yeah. And of course it’s *Overclocked*, so he *must* be up to something nefarious. God forbid the man just wants to see a movie.”  
  
Lana rolled her eyes, taking a sip of tea. It was oddly comforting, I realized, that eyeroll. That sense of camaraderie. Most people in town practically worshiped Trueheart - the brave hero, keeper of the peace, with his inhuman strength and speed. But they only saw the mask, the flawless image that he worked with the media and the City Council to maintain.  
  
I got to see the whole of him. Blessing and curse of being the hero’s sidekick, I guess. I saw every botched response that the papers didn’t report, every rambling monologue about his critics, every wrong guess about Overclocked and his plans. And I saw the obsession, the paranoia, whatever it was. The fixation with his nemesis that kept Trueheart up most nights, staring at city plans and newspapers with a haunted expression.  
  
I didn’t worship Trueheart, the real Trueheart. If anything, I pitied him, caught as he was in the grip of his obsession. Once, I’d tried talking with him about it. But Trueheart was a Great Hero, and of course no Great Hero would stoop to take advice from a young woman. I was his *sidekick*, he’d told me, failing to completely hide the scorn in his voice. A glorified secretary. *His* job was to worry about villains like Overclocked. *Mine* was to handle paperwork and cleanup after he’d saved the day.  
  
I’d excused myself politely, and had managed to hold a neutral expression until I’d left the compound. Then I’d taken off down West Avenue, almost jogging. I’d felt reckless, bubbling with angry energy. I’d wanted to tilt my head back and yell. *Hey, Sparret City, did you know? Your idol’s an entitled douche!*  
  
Instead, I’d walked West Avenue straight into downtown, ducked into one of the hundred coffeeshops that lined the streets, and slumped over at a table. A woman about my age with long, curly hair had looked over from the bar, then stood and came over to me. “Hey,” she’d said, “uh, are you all right?”  
  
“Yes,” I’d responded, not bothering to lift my face from the table’s wooden surface. “I just need… something. What’s the best drink for learning that your boss is kind of awful, and that you don’t have anyone to complain to about him? A mocha, maybe?”  
  
She’d laughed, a light sound that made me think of birds. “I don’t know, but I could’ve used it most days at my last job. Until HR actually did something with our reports and canned the guy. Tell you what. Let me grab you a coffee, and you can vent to me about your boss. Change the names if you’re worried about privacy.”  
  
I’d picked my head up and looked at her, unsure of what to say. “Um, okay. Thank you.” After a pause, I’d extended my hand. “I’m Allie.”  
  
She’d taken it. “Lana.”  
  
Despite the fake names and places I’d used, Lana had worked out that I was Trueheart’s sidekick within three anecdotes, and had shared my opinion of him after just one. Now, two months later, she knew all the stories, and was the first person I went to after each new foolishness.  
  
Like this pebble in the theater. I forced my mind back to what I was saying.  
  
“And of course, three hours later, there’s no bomb. The only thing anyone found that was even *slightly* out of place was a little pebble near the concession stand. But Trueheart can’t accept this. He’s absolutely convinced that Overclocked left it. And so he tells the lead trooper - ready? - that the pebble must have been a bomb that Overclocked *transmuted to stone* once the search began.”  
  
“Ah, yes, Overclocked, that famous alchemist,” Lana mocked. “He’s definitely some kind of wizard, not a tech geek. He chose his name ironically.”  
  
“Trueheart really thinks that everything wrong in the world is Overclocked’s doing,” I said, letting my fingers play around the rim of my mug. “It’s unhealthy. And it’s not even productive! I mean, has Overclocked committed any actual crimes recently?”  
  
Lana frowned. “I don’t think so. But I always got the impression that he wanted attention, more than anything. It’s not like he needs money, with that lair full of gizmos the papers keep swapping rumors about.”  
  
“Well, he’s certainly got that from Trueheart,” I said. “All the attention he could ever want, and more.”  
  
“Hmm,” Lana mused, one side of her mouth curling upward. “You don’t think there’s a reason Overclocked would want Trueheart’s attention in particular, do you? And a reason Trueheart might be giving it?”  
  
I shook my head. “If only. A tormented romance might actually make their relationship interesting. But no, I think Trueheart is just stuck on a quest and can’t let it go. Honestly, I don’t think he’d know what to do with himself if he didn’t have a nemesis.”  
  
Lana nodded. “Yeah. Overclocked is like -” She paused, just for a moment. “Overclocked seems like that too. I mean, how many of his grand schemes are just visual effects? He would make a good performer, or engineer maybe.”  
  
“What, but he only knows the one way to show off his abilities?”  
  
“Something like that,” Lana responded, dropping her gaze.   
  
Silence rose between us, an unusual occurrence. “Well, maybe,” I said at last. “But I doubt he can be talked into trying other things, any more than Trueheart can.”  
  
“I’ve been thinking about that,” Lana said. “They wouldn’t listen to most people, but what about each other? What if Overclocked could tell Trueheart, straight up, that he doesn’t mean any real harm?”  
  
I scoffed. “Trueheart wouldn’t believe him.”  
  
“I agree, but he doesn’t need to,” Lana continued. “At least not at first. He just needs to agree to a truce - he won’t pursue Overclocked until there’s clear evidence of trouble. And I mean real evidence, not this pebble business.”  
  
“And what does Overclocked get from this?” I asked her.  
  
“Like I said, he thrives on attention. I bet if he knew all the time Trueheart has spent on him, he’d feel pretty accomplished. Maybe even enough to try his hand at a different project. And if he does, Trueheart will eventually realize that the truce is genuine.”  
  
I considered this, tracing the rim of the mug again. “Maybe. I guess it could work. But we’d have to get them face-to-face. I mean, I could probably get Trueheart to go somewhere with a fake tip, and describe the situation once he gets there, but Overclocked? The man’s a hermit. I doubt anybody could get him to agree to meet in a preset spot.”  
  
“Oh, don’t worry about getting a message to Overclocked,” Lana said, finishing her tea and standing. She brushed her hair to one side. I hadn’t realized she wore an earring. It caught the light nicely, a pretty golden disc in the shape of a pocketwatch hanging from its hook.  
  
Wait. *Pocketwatch?*  
  
Lana smiled. “Let’s say… I know a guy.”