I knew they were coming. 

Honestly, it would have been offensive if they didn’t.

Let’s back up a bit. 

A few months ago I flubbed a few numbers. Moved a few decimals, rejotted a few trajectories, screwed with my coworker Owen’s spreadsheet, then asked my boss if he could *really* trust Mary’s proof that my assessment was wrong. The fate of the world was in his hands, after all.

He took the bait. 

So anyway, I figured I was gonna be fired once someone finally bothered to double check all of the crap I’d been passing upstairs for the guys in the suits to look over, but instead a while ago, the news came on.

Someone, probably Mary herself trying to get a desperate bit of credit had leaked the whole story to the press, and everything went to heck. See, the bigwigs had this plan to get everyone with enough wealth and connections off world in this big, fancy ship. Big Noah’s Ark ripoff but fancier. They asked me to go with, and I told them it wouldn’t be right for me to go on while others suffered. They called me noble. I popped popcorn once I got home that evening.

Anyway, the ARK and everyone in it got flattened by some kind of missile strike before it could even take off. Governments collapsed, people started shouting at each other, interns started getting depraved in the middle of the office, and before I knew it there was a dead body on my driveway. Maybe two in my front yard. Honestly, I’d hated the house anyways.

So for the next few days, I just rested on this building roof with a chair, sleeping bag, and binoculars. Sunscreen too, if only because I didn’t want to burn to a crisp. Breakfast came easier; first it was door dash guys looking to make a final buck, then it was just getting stuff from empty apartments. Finally, I just started eating the birds.

Some people use “eat crow” as a euphemism. I took it quite literally. 

So the big rock finally came. Soared right by, and I watched the whole thing from down below. Had the perfect angle to see the trail and everything, just as my calculations stated. 

Maybe they’d rebuild. Maybe they’d learn something from all this. Sure, I was probably a dead man if anyone started digging, or if any of my bosses hadn’t died in a shower of melted metal and glass, but maybe, just maybe there was a light at the end of the tunnel.

.

The next day, I woke up to the sounds of more gunfire and the screams of children. It’s been a month now since the rock passed, and I’ve stayed on the roof.

At least, until they came.

My visitors were in worn, tattered clothes like most of the ants down below who tore and screeched at each other, and all of them were armed. I merely turned my chair to face them, shuffling it against the rooftop concrete as I sat back down. Three guns vs one man with a shiv.

“Hello.” I greeted, extending my hands. “Nice day out, isn’t it?”

“Why?”

Oh.

Oh, hell. Someone actually did digging.

Normally, this would be the part of the story where someone would have a big epiphany, apologize for their deeds, and vow to help right their wrongs.

“Because I could.” I replied with a shrug. Honestly, it was the same justification everyone else was using. “How many people have you killed?”

“Six.”

“How many were justified?”

The lead gunman looked at me with cold eyes before finally sighing. “Three.” He muttered under his breath with a tone I couldn’t quite place. Was he mourning?

I hadn’t heard anyone mourn in such a long time. Perhaps this is what supervillains in books felt like. Regardless, I shrugged. “And will killing an unarmed scientist make you feel-“

The first bullet hit me in the chest, the second in my left shoulder.

“Better? I don’t know.” He grumbled, as I slowly leaned back.

“Maybe they’ll rebuild.” I comforted him. We laughed.

I fell backwards over the edge.

Honestly, I’m not sure how I’m telling you this story right now. If anything, I think the real lesson here is to sign your work with the name of a colleague, if you’re not sure you’ll get fired. At least then, you won’t have to deal with everyone eating each other alive over some paperwork.