(This is my first time responding to a prompt, please let me know what you think.)

”I DID pass my Journeyman exam! Why am I not being given an assignment?”

“Job assignments are reserved for Journeymen in good standing and you know that, Enzo.” Jes said, glancing over her glasses at him.

Enzo hoped word wouldn’t spread fast, but nothing stayed secret for long within the Hall. It was true that he “passed” his Journeyman exam, but with the Hall desperate to fill their ranks, failure was unheard of…unless you were completely hopeless. Either you passed with flying colors and were sent out on assignments or-

“You were placed on probation. That means no assignments until the Hall deems you’re ready.” said Jes before returning to the papers on her desk.

Enzo felt his face burn and his eyes begin to water. His plan of adventuring with his friends beyond the walls of the Hall was over before it even began.

“What do I have to do?” Enzo said as he tried to keep his voice steady.

“You must be able to create and maintain a Cobalt Orb for no less than one minute. Every Journeyman is expected to be able to do it.” said Jes.

The Cobalt Orb was the result of years of education and training as an aspiring Fire mage. The distinct size and blue hue was proof you were in the presence of someone with a deep understanding and control over the power of fire. It wasn’t uncommon for an apprentice to be able to make a large orb by the end of their first year, but a Cobalt Orb of concentrated magical power was a different matter altogether.


 Enzo’s heart began to race. One spell and a single minute was all that it would take to put this situation to rest. The wizard that oversaw Enzo’s exam cut it short without making him create a Cobalt Orb. At the time, Enzo thought he had done so well that it was unnecessary but his exam results obviously indicated otherwise.

“I-I can do it! I’ll do it right now!” Enzo shouted as he wiped his face with his sleeve.

“Very well. Show me.” said Jes as she put her papers to the side.

Enzo brushed his hands against each other before getting into his battle stance. After a distinct clicking sound and a spark shot between his hands, a bright ball of firegv appeared. Orange flames danced around it as he began to concentrate. The orb steadily grew larger and larger as if he was filling a balloon with air.

“Not a bad start, but it needs to be twice that size before I can start the timer. And blue, of course.” Jes said as she stood up from her desk and moved closer.

“Yeah. I know that.” said Enzo through short breaths. He could feel the muscles in his body tighten and his stomach begin to cramp as he tried to force all of his magical power into the orb. He closed his eyes and shuddered as he tried to take a deep breath.

"You okay, Enzo?"

"O-of course. Why?"

"Your orb is getting smaller...." said Jes.

Enzo opened his eyes and began to panic as his orb continued to shrink.

"No..no...come. on." Enzo said through gritted teeth.  He tensed every muscle in his body hoping to regain ground. Black smoke began to flow out from around his hands as his magic began to wane.

"Come on!" he yelled.

Jes looked down before slowly turning around and returning to her seat. By the time she sat back down the fire had been snuffed out, and Enzo was left gasping for air among the smoke. Silence filled the room as the two of them avoided eye contact.

"Let me try one more-" Enzo started.

"I think it would be best to look at some other options." Jes said quietly.

Enzo hung his head and felt the sense of shame settle on his shoulders.

"The Hall takes a liking to those who do acts of service to better our reputation with the community and other Halls of Magic. Maybe you could take on an apprentice?" Jes said.

"How can I be expected to teach an apprentice when I'm not even a real Journeyman?"

Jes considered the question for a moment before meeting his eyes.

"If you're against teaching then you could sweep the ash out of the apprentice classrooms. You'll need a broom and robes you nev g er want to wear again." she said as a small smile formed on her lips.

Images of young mages burning everything they could get their hands on flashed in Enzo's mind.

"I could try teaching," he said quickly.

"I thought you might come around." she said as she opened a scroll to reveal a list of names.

Jes's eyes darted across the page as she read the name, magic Hall, and rank of would be fire mage apprentices. Her eyes stopped as she quickly sat up in her chair.

"What is it?" Enzo asked.

(This might be too good to be true Jes thought to herself.)

"Nothing at all. Be down in the training room tomorrow morning, and be ready to teach." Jes said before putting the scroll away.