"You... survived? We thought you would all die out eventually. I mean, Earth is a nightmare. That's what the tales say- humans, desperate to leave the horror Earth is, and forever trapped within its atmosphere. Without any diolight ore, there's no way you could power your ships- or, at least, that's what we thought. I half thought it was just some old wives tale, you know? Pink skin, oval ears, only two feet.... predators that wouldn't stop chasing their prey, always just behind, until they simply dropped dead. Or in our case, ran out of resources, and slowly starved in space, surrounded by barren planets."


The human paused. Thought for a moment. Then he twisted his face up strangely, giving X'neir a pat.


"That's awful. I can barely stand being on a ship, with its filtered air and harsh lights, for a week. Being chased to the far corners of the universe, with something chasing me the whole way..." He trailed off, shaking his head.


Absentmindedly wondering what the human meant by "corners"- there were no straight lines in space, after all- he clicked in agreement.


"I wonder why no one else has mentioned this," the human murmured. X'neir's species had good ears- they once were prey, before an epidemic struck the mindless creatures that hunted them and eradicated their species- so he heard this.


"I'd wager they're trying to be polite. After all, you're the disgusting creatures from legends caretakers tell our young. Probably not the best to tell the people you're terrified of that you're terrified of them- can't let you get the upper hand, you know?"


"Then why are you telling me?" He looked so confused, and X'neir trilled in humor.


"You haven't noticed? I'm one of the staff. You can tell by the tatoo."


X'neir motioned to the numerals on his carapace, and the words stained onto it. They would only come off when a specific solution was applied to it, and that would only happen if he was to change positions and get a new job- which, in turn, would only happen if he were to disappoint the overseers to the point he were demoted a rank lower than he already was. That would mean less pay, lesser food, lesser lodgings- lesser quality of everything. You did not want to fall a rank. Fall too many, and you would be left homeless with no food or money, and no one could do anything to fix it or help you. If that happened, you were doomed to death.


"I'm probably not even supposed to be talking to you, honestly. It's honestly surprising they allowed any of us to wear these translators. But I guess I would need to hear in order to best attend to your needs." Emotions probably didn't go through the translator- they were expressed through added trills with no real meaning, and the translator doubtlessly didn't portray them. But this human- or perhaps the species as a whole?- was surprisingly perceptive, and looked at X'neir with new interest. After a brief pause, the human began to speak, though the words came slow in an obvious attempt to word it as best as he could.


"How much do they control?" It was the sort question X'neir shouldn't answer, and exactly the sort of question that needed to be asked. Checking what was around him, he twisted slightly to cover the human from view. Once he had gotten them enough privacy, he began to speak.


"Everything. Sickness struck, twenty-six universal years ago. Millions died, but a few- ones with incredibly rare blood- were found to be immune. Their blood, if transferred in small amounts, could give secondhand immunities to whomever received the transfusion. One of them decided to only give blood to those who pledged to follow him as their leader- and the rest of the true immune followed suit. The few who gave blood freely soon disappeared, and now the bloodgivers reign, along with those they allow at their side. The only reason they still control us is the threat of another strand of disease- one they created to control us. It doesn't get out by accident, but it's twice as quick and requires a new blood transfusion.. I still remember the time before the sickness came. I was young, but I still remember how much better our world was. The time before the blood of tyrants must run through me in order for me to simply survive. Through my loved ones, through theirs."


The human simply stood there, motionless, before growling under his breath. "And they're the ones in this room?"


"Yes."


"Then they are the ones who will fall."


The human bared his teeth in something X'neir would later learn is called a smile; an expression of joy. But for now, the anger in his eyes and the pointed canines on full display made X'neir shiver with a sort of primeval fear that told him to run and hide from the predator in front of him. But the human was extending a hand of alliance, was promising to take down the broken system oppressing their species. So he swallowed his fear, and spoke.


"Perhaps the monster they think you are is the one they should see."