Kristine only had one friend, and she had to make it count. Even though she was the city's hero, Maria was the only one who praised her for her work.

The public knew her as the Destructive Hero, even though her brand name was aiming to be a friendly hero. Her first Hero Name had already been forgotten to her current moniker.

The first appearance of the Speaker happened when Kristine was chasing a getaway vehicle. The jeers of the crowd were falling on deaf ears, as they were not constructive at all.

"Alright you idiots, stop right there," a familiar voice rang out. Kristine stopped the chase to look at its origin (after moving to the sidewalk, of course).

"Do you know what empathy is? How about compassion. kindness, or *being a good person*? Does that ring a bell?" All of the advertising screens flashed, switching to the news station. A familiar figure in a suit wearing a strange mask was aiming a strange gun at the newscasters.

"Of course we do! Do you take us as idiots?" the host scoffed.

"Yes, I do. Do you know what it looks like to be a good person?"

"Of course we do! Who do you think you are, bar-" a different man spoke. He was interrupted by the woman with the gun shooting him in the face.

"I am the Speaker. I am here to tell people what it's like to be in danger." Kristine's eyes widened in shock, realizing Maria was the masked woman.

"What do you want you villain!" the first man shouted.

"If I am called a villain for these actions, I won't stop. If my life is threatened, I won't stop. If the whole world turns to hate me, I will continue. My role will only be fulfilled when the people realize what it means to be a hero."

People were starting to gather around Kristine, staring at the screens. Some "brave souls" were recording her inaction, others were jeering at her being useless, and a few were even throwing trash at Kristine. But a quarter of the people were watching the screens, wondering what this "Speaker" wanted.

...

..

.

When Kristine got home, she ran into Maria's room and pounced on her, giving Maria the biggest bear hug ever. "Thank you, Maria."

Maria nodded, not looking at her friend. She was diligently typing her essay on human economics and how the public is swayed. "My theater practice helped, didn't it?"

"It certainly did!" Kristine laughed.