We stared each other down for what felt like hours in that darkness. My hand was wrapped around the stake so tight I could feel the wood grain. When the moon peeked behind the moving clouds, I could see the blood dripping from her mouth and onto the deer carcass she was holding.

Neither of us moved. Neither of us said anything. 

I thought about killing her, my twitching fingers digging into splinters, but the consequences soon flooded my brain. Where else would I find a roommate like her?

It wasn't as if we were close friends, but we didn't hate each other either. We just didn't run into each other often. Still, we functioned well. Neither ate the others food, or left a mess, and both of us always paid rent on time, though just barely. Though, in retrospect, the intense bloodlust we both felt could have been a result of working for minimum wage. 

She spoke first.

"Hey," she said.

"Hey," I said.

"Um... so..."

"Yeah..."

"Am I, uh, kicked out? I'm still on the lease, so, it'd be kinda unfair. I mean, well, I know what this looks like. So I understand if you feel like fairness isn't a thing right now. It's just, you know, I still need a place to live."

"No, no, yeah, I get it. Um, I mean, you've been a great roommate. But, like, you know... this is sorta... not that I'm kicking you out, or anything. This is just kinda... yeah. I need a place to live, too. I, uh, can't move back in with my parents. They're kinda a lot."

An awkward silence turned the crisp night air stale. 

I coughed, just to make a noise to disrupt the mood. 

"So," I said, "you only eat animals?"

"Yeah, of course," she replied. "I'd never drink from people. I mean, eat them. Totally."

"I don't really believe that."

"Look, I won't. I promise."

"Fine... whatever. Just, please don't anymore. Normally, I'd want to make sure of it, but California is-"

"Insane?"

"Yeah. You ever seen rent this bad?"

She dropped the carcass and shook her head. "Fuck, no. I can't believe this is the era I woke up in. It's crazy. Look, I know people like me are seen as monsters-"

"Because you kill and eat people-" I interjected.

"But landlords-"

"Cannibalize in a different way."

"They're evil."

"Completely."

I sighed. "So, what now? I don't think I can even afford to kill you."

"Same here. I guess we just keep doing our own things? I don't eat people, you don't kill me. What choice do we have?" She said.

"We can kill the landlord. I don't know, you could turn him and I could-"

"What? No. He'd just be replaced with another leech."

"Yeah..."

With nothing but unease and pitiful bank accounts, we slowly made our way back home.