Hello everyone it's me, lichking420 here. 

I wanted to say thank you for the support, when I first heard about it I thought it was just a usless spell, but boy was I wrong. 

Back to topic, I wanted to ask you If I was the asshole in this situation I will tell you in a few moments. 
 
Well it first started when I became the lich king.
With the most advanced Arcane magic I have transformed my self into a lich. 
When news of a new lich came into town, the king himself asked for help. 
He said "almighty lich could you spear you ear, I mean could you spear some of your time and help me, my daughter cant wake up, no matter what we do"

I of course offered my help but with a price. 
"You shall bring you daughter to me in a week's time and I will heal you, but in exchange you will give me the new popular artifact everyone is talking about, the new XArcane 4080 mgc personal magic box"


The king looked helpless. 
"Almighty leach those new PMB(personal magic box)are flying off the shelfs I do not know if we can get one)

"It is all that I wish for, and I will not repeat myself"

As I thought the king had one at home and didn't want to give it. 

As per the contract I broke the curse and got the new rig I wanted. 


Now hear this odasity of this witch, she knocked hard on my door at 4 pm, while I was pretending to sleep. 

Yelling at me
"Why did you break the curse, the king deserved it." 

"What do you mean he deserved it"

"Well I was just doing my usual workout, and then I heard the king himself begging for help"

"Almighty witch would you spear me some ear"

I said "fine talk."

Thank you, for you see the new XArcane 4080 mgc personal magic box just came out and I couldn't get it. 
Would you help me get one." 

And we'll I thought if you give me 2000 gold and buy me  another XArcane 4080 mgc personal magic box, for my son I will rewind time, exactly where the store opens. 

"The king looked happy and said yes thank you for this generosity, I am deeply indebted to you."

And what do you see when i check out what the king is doing in the store, he bought 10 of them and then sold them at an overpriced value. 
So I cursed his daughter to eternal sleep until he gives them back for free, I thought it would teach him a lesson.
But then you broke the curse and ruined it." 

Me the LichKing told her"I don't care about your problem, I can play office and bosses at 240 frames per second"
I then shut the door and told her to leave. 

I'm I the asshole here I just broke a cure for a new Epic rig.