"This is the best coffin," said Monroe, I have inspected thus far. How is the man responsible for my satisfaction birthed by such fine craftsmanship?"

"He is not doing well Sir, replied the butler. It seems he has contracted a disease and has only but a few years of life remaining."

"This cannot be, said Monroe. Who else will build coffins up to par by the society of the moonlighters? Summon this man at once." 

"Right away Sir," stated the butler.

At that moment the butler pulled out his phone but since the reception was palpitating, decided to contact the worshiped carpenter in person. He left the domain and was on his way to fulfill his master's wishes. He left the home and his master to be alone in peace. Or so he thought because right before he was able to seal the entrance one of the master's dearly beloved mates stepped into the irregularly large home and greeted its owner with a loose wave and a simple smile.

"How are things Monroe, said the stranger. I was in the neighborhood and thought I would drop in for a friendly game of cricket. 

The well dressed stranger saw that Monroe sported a frown that stretched past his face. 

"What's the matter counterpart? Don't tell me someone has challenged your position as president in the moonlighters. But this assumption must be incorrect since the Moonlighters have yet to find a president as capable as thee. The butler's service seems to be on point so it could not be because of that. So what could be the reason for my brother's overwhelming turmoil. If you do not tell me what is the matter then I will be forced to believe I am the cause of your depression. Well Comrade, is anyone going to tell me what is wrong or should I depart and return another day in hopes of greener moods?"

The president of the Moonlighters decided to swallow the ready saliva in his mouth. He went up to his counter part and greeted him with the same affection.

"The truth is Counterpart, said Monroe, that no matter how many matches of cricket you play or how persistent you become in your practice the day you beat me in a match will never come. It does not matter that you try and befriend victory time and time again. My skills will always just be a tad bit better than yours. If only you and your instructor came to terms with this reality then we would all be better off. 

Monroe and his friend competed in a stare off until they both bursted with laughter. 

"How are you, asked Monroe, ol chum? It feels like its been decades since you blessed my home with your presence. Is everything alright? If its a cricket match you yearn for then you have come to the wrong place because all good players of the game enjoy the sport for a sole reason and that is to outwit his opponent. But you and I both know that it has been ages since you've beaten in a game of cricket."

Once again they stared at each other with intensity until the butler came bursting through the door. It was as if the butler was sent by the laughing police to impede our counterparts from enjoying each other's sense of humor. 

"Master, announced the butler, the carpenter refuses to leave his home. He is convinced that if he were to leave his workshop someone might come in and lay hands on his belongings. I questioned him in hopes of retrieving any other information about the matter but he said if he kept talking on the topic he's surely appear a madman."

"Well, said Monroe, if that is the case I will visit him in person. I have yet to find a carpenter to match the skill of Chado and I refuse to believe such a person exists. Onward then!"

The counterparts said their goodbyes and decided to postpone their cricket match until the following week; meanwhile the butler warmed up the car. They made excellent time because the traffic that would have extended their trip by eleven minutes was skipped by taking the streets instead of the highway. The butler took pride in knowing that one key factor why he remained employed, by a being who expected perfection from all his subordinates, was his vast knowledge of the streets and highways of Lomania. They arrived to the carpenter's house eleven minutes early. They knocked on the door and the person who answered looked like a worn down version of a man.

"Hello Chado, said Monroe, how are things? Don't tell me that the fish have not been biting. You look as strong as an ox comrade. What is this I hear about you having to write your will sooner than later. 

"It is true, replied Chado. I have been diagnosed with an incurable disease and given a short time frame to live. I really appreciate the visit and the concern but I am afraid I am going to have to ask you to leave. I cannot waste any precious time reminiscing about the past if i ever hope to sort out my belonging to the rightful people before i close my eyes for the final time."

"Do not worry chum, said Monroe, I have been brought up to speed by my butler. I have given you my business over the past few decades because of your craftsmanship and attention to detail. I have seen many carpenter's so called masterpieces and I have yet to see one that would serve as a good comparison to yours."

Listen, said Chado, I really do not have the time to discuss my work right now. I am sure you understand. I have a ton of things I have to get done if I don't want any of my belongings going to the wrong people. Now if you excuse me; I ......

"How would you reply, said Monroe, if I told you I held the power to grant you immortality. And the process would be as simple as a caveman satisfying his urges."

"I would say, stirred Monroe, that you must have had one too many drinks while your driver secured the road." But if any of this is true I guess it would be worth a listen. Come in and wipe your feet before you enter."

The servant left the beings alone to park the car and the two gentleman entered a house the size of Monroe's garage. Monroe gently laid a hand on the carpenter's shoulder, entered the home and commenced to inform the layman of his power.