# Curse of the Overdragon

"...and in exchange, a lifetime of suffering," the witch said.

Ambrose tossed the pouch of coins and grabbed the potion off the wooden countertop. The old woman gave him a nasty grin. _A lifetime of suffering..._

_Well, not like I'll be living any longer anyway,_ he thought.

He pushed aside the tent flap as he stepped outside, the merchant's alley bustling with activity. He pulled his hood down and walked with the crowd; avoiding contact, clutching the potion. 

He headed toward the dilapidated lodgings beside the tavern, dodging town criers and street peddlers along the way. The door was open—the lock didn't work anymore—and he entered the landing, making for his room. 

He quickly shut the door behind him and took out the potion. It was a dark red liquid, its flask filled with black smoke—The Occultist's Tonic. Ambrose stared at it, mesmerized by the fumes that swirled within.

He uncorked the flask, its smoke releasing into the room's musty air. _Now or never._ He downed the potion, the red liquid clenching his tongue and throat, the stench poring into him. Every muscle in his body ached, every nerve in pain, each organ pulsing rapidly. He screamed as smog escaped through his eyes, stinging his entire face. The torture was becoming nearly unbearable, until...

_Strength._

He stepped back, panting, as he dropped the flask. Ambrose stared at his hands which were now also trailing smoke. _I'm finally complete._

The Black Sword, the Devil's Amulet, the L'Zhar Tome, and finally, the Occultist's Curse—every damned enchantment he needed to properly challenge the Overdragon.

Ever since they failed to destroy its life vessel, Ambrose and his team have spent months hiding from the Overdragon, but only he has survived for this long. 

He had _no chance_ of killing the god, but with his power, he can come close. He'll avenge his team, and he'll show the Overdragon the face of Death itself.

He wore the Amulet and sheathed the Sword to his waist. Using the Occultist's Curse, he waved his arm in a circular motion and created a wall of smog. The smoke surrounded him until no light passed through. As it dissipated, he appeared in front of the Overdragon; a look of shock drawn on the god's face.

"_Bold of you to enter my lair, Accursed One,_" the Overdragon said.

Ambrose didn't respond. He locked eyes with the god, then unsheathed the Black Sword, dark flames coming out of the blade. He recited an incantation from the L'Zhar Tome, and his body emitted an intense violet glow, which conflicted with the trails of smoke coming from his eyes and hands. Finally, he activated the Devil's Amulet, creating a translucent red sphere around him, enhancing his speed while wearing it.

"_You fool._"

"Today, you will feel what _true_ agony is, Overdragon."

---

I hope you liked this story! Please feel free to leave feedback as it will help me a lot in my journey to becoming a better writer! Join r/NovaLevelStories to see more stories, author's notes, and extra content!