The target was young, female, barely out of her teens and messy. Not the normal "I-just-moved-out-of-my-parent's-house" messy. Everything about her recent life choices have led me to track her monetary transactions and daily routines, further proving my responsibility to scare the ever-living shit out of these amateurs. I admit the latter has become increasingly less hypothetical. 

She was tracking a vampire. He was a sharp looking gentleman with a courteous demeanor. It disgusted her. Without another thought she clutched her stake hidden deep in her trench coat in one hand, and popped the corked holy water with the other, moving towards him. The crucifix necklace her grandmother gave her as a child sparkled in the moonlight with each heated step.

"Your trivial toys will only piss me off, Nightingale. Might I suggest another game?" The corner of my mouth lifts, taunting the fire visible in her eyes.

She did not speak to him. He would soon be dead.

"You /really/ want to do this?" I lean back on the bench with a heavy sigh, "Very well."

She pours the bottle of holy water over her head, drenching her body as she lunged at him. The stake  left her pocket with ease, however it did not strike true. He burst into an ethereal smoke and reformed behind her, brushing a wet lock behind her ear with his manicured nails.

I laugh at her sudden realization of failure. "Your research is dateeeeed," I tease in a melodic tone. "Evolution is a wonderfully mysterious thing. Once / they/ discovered our true existence and began / hunting/ us, then the mutations started."

She grit her teeth and cursed herself for going in so blind. Her breathing was labored and fast. The adrenaline pumped freely, readying her body to fight at the right moment. 

I lean in close to her ear to whisper, "There is no escape, my pet."

Suddenly, her body was melting from the inside. She rips at her arms trying to free the boiling blood. A deafening ring fills her ears and blinds her. A guttural revolting brings up crimson bile, covering her pants in the splash back off the sidewalk. Every time she tries to scream, her stomach empties. Writhing and wretching on hands and knees, she cries and prays.

"Nothing, no /one/...can hear you. Nor can they help you."

He was in and around her. She could somehow feel him simultaneously probing around her splitting mind, crushing her diaphragm, and ripping the flesh from her bones.

"This. This is the capabilities we have, Miss Huntress. Is this /really/ what you want your end to be like?" I stare at her frozen frame, pacing as she twitched. She had a stronger hold than I originally thought. Her willpower is impeccable, but destroy the confidence and security... "You will never be strong enough to bring justice to your sister!"

Her heart broke again hearing his voice echo her father's. Her tears mixed with the coagulation on her cheeks and lips, "No." She finally manages to speak through the pain.

Impressive. "No?" I move in closer and stare into her lifeless, clouded eyes.

"I... will--bring her... justice!" 

Through pained gasps, she screams back into my face. "Good!"

She falls to her knees confused and unharmed, "A-an illusion?"

I sit back down on the bench and grab a bag of O- from my satchel. "Aye, an illusion. However, if I kept you in there any longer, your head would..." I comically pop the blood bag with a straw. "Then, I get to eat you brains." With a wink, I drink and she sinks to the seat beside me.