**Murder as a Service**

“Please, MaaS! Please don’t drop me,” the man sobbed, suspended upside down and five stories from the hard, dark alleyway below. The pulley mechanism groaned gently as he swung, “I’ve got a wife, and kids, I’m inno—“

“Shut up, scum,” Destinee growled, briefly glancing at the AR display in her visor. The purple StreamGem count jump up a notch. They were suckers for that line. “You’re done. No more lies.” Were they actually lies? Who knows, who cares.

The StreamGems continued to climb. “1000 more gems, and he’s a goner folks! Oh! Thank you BubbleButt007, 500 points. You’re a hero.” Sirens echoed through the city, their wails bouncing off the city’s beaming skyscrapers. What a perfect backdrop.

“You hear that folks, it’s the police,” she said with cartoonish exaggeration, “what will they do when they catch our embezzling friend here? Our friend who stole tens of millions of dollars from our city’s teachers? Do you think they’ll even give him a,” she slapped him hard across the face, “slap on the wrist?”

500 more points. She released the mechanism. The man plummeted, limbs flailing wildly, his screams joining wailing of the ever-louder sirens. She made sure her head-mounted camera followed him all the way down. This was the money shot.

He bounced once off the brick wall before hitting the ground with a sickening squelch, dark liquid instantly pooling underneath him. 

Her internal display exploded with firework animations. In addition to all the gems her streamers had given her, she’d officially collected the bounty. It was the fourth time this week she’d managed to catch a top-voted criminal. If she kept this up, she could be the number-one ranked assassin in all of New York City. 

“Another win for MaaS.” She still loved that name. “Don’t forget to hit those like and subscribe buttons! Let’s keep this going, Who’s next?” She never knew who it would be. The long list of names was always in flux, fickle and fleeting, obeying the whims of her steamers’ outraged upvoting and downvoting.

The sires were almost deafening now. Blue and red lights strobed up the nearby streets. Normally, this was when she’d end the live stream since filming the chase would give her away. But why not? She was on a roll.

The real world lost focus as she stared at her internal display to find her next target. “Who’s our next—“ her heart leapt into her throat when she saw the name. Animated, with gleaming golden light and ridiculous sparkles, was a name with the highest bounty she’d ever seen.

“Destinee Williams. Serial killer, vigilante, self-righteous prick.”

Reality seemed to warp around Destinee, her legs instantly losing their strength, causing her to sway to and fro. She knelt, trying too regain some composure. They’d be after her now. All of them. DeathStriker, AssassinX, ZeroLives, and worst of all, Murderess, her one-time idol, now her fiercest competitor. She couldn’t run. She couldn’t hide. Not against them.

There was only one thing she could do. Die.

She stood on her shaking legs, tingles running up them as she approached the ledge. It felt like she was walking through water, weighed down by iron boots.

Her display shifted back to the viewer chat, frantic with the news of this Destinee Williams. She still hadn’t turned her stream off. “Well…” she tried to begin, “I…” The words wouldn’t come. Some last words.

The police had turned into the alleyway below. They were shouting, guns drawn, but they hadn’t spotted her yet.

How had this happened? She read the words under name again. “Self-righteous prick…” Ah. With a few eye gestures, she allocated every single one of her hard-earned StreamGems into a bounty.

The viewers erupted with reactions as the Destinee’s name was replaced by another’s at the top of the list. 

Taquisha Williams, aka Murderess.

Destinee backed away from ledge. Her legs were still unsteady, but the nausea was replaced with surging energy. She turned off her live stream, sprinted toward the opposite edge, and launched herself onto the next building.

The Assassin Wars had begun.

__

Sequel coming soon to r/stealthystorkstories