'Hey', John said as he pulled up to a seat with Belle.

Her glowing pink eyes slightly twitched in annoyance, as she fiddled with her fingers in contemplation.

'You alright man?', John settled into his seat and immediately got to sipping his coffee, extra dark, long black. She remained unresponsive for a few moments before looking up.

'Let me ask you this', she queried with her elbows at the ends of the table. John mid-drink raised his eyebrow.

'Which department were you in, again?', she pressed slightly icily. She eyed his government uniform, bright yellow with a red cape.

He replied, 'Space force', as he nonchalantly went for another sip.

'You know anything about wormholes?' she asked.

'Sure, I know a thing or two' says John as he finishes his coffee in a record 30 seconds and was gesturing to the barista. He began to fish for his wallet from his back-pocket, trouble is he was having a hard time feeling for it with the cape in the way.

'Ughh why, do you guys wear those stupid things anyway, they serve no practical purpose right? I've seen them get tangled when you fly, especially downwind, it's really stupid', she opined. John doesn't respond but grunts as he's just struggling but he finally gets his wallet out and as he tries to get up, his cape gets stuck on the chair leg, and he is pulled back.

An older sidekick walking past notices this and remarks, 'Yo man, you're gonna need to get yoself some of that FlutterFree, just throw that thick ass clukenty ass , This an old head's advice'.

John has gotten up and swipes the dirt off his pants, he then proceeds to call out the older gentlemen. 'Hey, I didn't appreciate it when you made me tank the dragon, you know I only have water powers and can't make ice'

'That's what they call a learning curve, young buck' the man responds and leaves the cafe.

John gives a confused face and turns to Belle to affirm that conversation just indeed happened.

Belle watches on and snickers, 'You alright?'.

'Yeah, that guy doesn't know what he's saying, it's because this cape is fire proof, without it i would have been Overlord Toast'. He sits down and a waiter brings over the coffee.

He settles himself and remembers her question, 'You asked something about wormholes?'.

She shakes her head, 'Nah it's nothing i can deal with it'.

'You sure? It's no problem really', John offers.

She waves her hand, 'No no, it's not that important, and looking at how you're devouring that coffee, it looks like you can do without the long story'.

He leans back and slides into his chair, to initiate a more comfortable conversation he says 'You seen any good movies lately?'

She snickers, 'No, but I will say I don't recommend watching Morbius'.

'That bad huh? I haven't seen it', he replies.

'Maybe I don't get it, then again I don't watch alot of Medical Dramas'. She pauses and goes into her bag to pull out her phone. She goes into google and pulls up an image of a movie poster.

'Check this one out, this one's an autobiography and i'm part of it, it's got a really good director, and guess what! that pop singer is playing me! oh my, what i get famous', She gushes.

'Hoh, that's cool', as he leans in and tries to make the image bigger. As he reads on, he notices something peculiar.

'Stop the music, why are you listed as Overlord Minion #6?' he questions as his eyes narrow.

'Because I am minion #6? Don't worry, it's a pretty good movie, it's got the Rivalry story arc and everything', she quickly adds.

'You never told me you worked with Overlord!' he guffaws.

'Whoops.... oh wait.... You won't arrest me or anything right? I needed the money honest to god, and it's not like i tried to spy on you or anything!' She mumbles very quickly.

He quickly softens his face and tries to calm her down.

'Wait wait chill! It's not like I can't arrest you without evidence or a warrant, besides I don't get paid enough for that' He says. 'Matter of fact', he breaks into a whisper, 'You think you can give me his number?'