I slid past a few of the other reporters in the row and settled into my seat with a smile and barely audible apology. Rushed lipstick parted for an impatient smile, marred only by a tiny mark of the same shade on her left top front tooth. The smallest mark, easy to miss in the small hand mirror she now slipped into her coffee colored leather purse. The clean cut man with the perfect hair and the manicured hands - Channel 5 News perhaps? - didn’t even bother with feigned politeness. He glared at me before turning away to forget I even existed. Their hushed conversation continued as they shifted to regain a comfortable posture after allowing me passage. “He won’t show his face here, no matter what Leviathan demands. The mayor wants to charge him with wanton destruction of city property. He claims the damage was unavoidable. Well, I know for a fact that the city administrators tire of cleaning up after the mess. Once Leviathan is finally dealt with, the authorities will begin their search for our ‘hero’. That I can assure you.”  
  
“I can’t believe the Leviathan is accepting the death penalty for a triple murder. He’s normally escaped custody by now. He’s just giving up. Did you see him looking behind him repeatedly at the trial? Almost as if waiting for something.” The woman scoffed, an ugly little chortle half through her nose. She swore under her breath as she turned her head from side to side before leaning into the man next to her. “I bet he hoped our ‘hero’ would free him this time. Wouldn’t surprise me if they planned all this together for fame and fortune. What’s to stop the ‘hero’ from demanding compensation now that Leviathan is no longer a threat? They kept each other in check at least…. at worst, they engineered this whole thing.”   
  
A click pulled my attention away from the vicious conspiracy unfolding beside me to the center of the operating theater. Well, the room had once been an operating theater - the rows of benches perched above a circular area with glass separating the watching audience from the doctors operating below. The medical school rarely used this room nowadays, preferring more modern and larger amphitheaters. They certainly didn’t perform operations here any longer. They mostly kept this room as a monument to their past educational glory. A door recessed into the east side of the central room opened and swung into the operating theater to allow an odd procession. A pair of burly men dressed in scrubs wheeled a gurney into the bright lights of the room. The gallery lights above us dimmed in response. The last two men through the door were Governor Halsey and a priest employed at the prison. I almost smiled at that. I seriously doubted that Leviathan requested a priest. The only god he would ever deign to accept was himself.  
  
The two men in scrubs began readying the other equipment in the room, checking over implements and ensuring that the prisoner remained securely held to the gurney on which he lay. Cheap prison hospital sheets and a prison jumpsuit might as well have been a throne and royal robes from the look of disdain and superiority on the face of the man they touched. His swollen left eye still hadn’t healed all the way after that right cross that caught him by surprise. He’d started ranting about the lack of fear and respect for powerful men. His raving left an opening - one that I don’t think he expected to be exploited. I think he’d really thought he won, his manic smile and burning eyes radiating an intense fanaticism as he expounded on the importance of the strong ruling the weak. He never could understand why I did what I did. If anything, the thought that I might actually feel responsibility to use my power for good seemed to infuriate Leviathan. He mockingly referred to me as Savior. He seemed to enjoy the biblical allegory and all of the discomfort it brought for others when he used it. I never responded to or embraced that name. In fact, though I’d been asked multiple times, I’d refused to take a name for myself. I even wore neutral colors. I finally settled on an outfit - just a plain black fitting shirt and a pair of khaki pants with a balaclava to hide my face. The press decried the lack of a “cool” superhero costume. The corporations couldn’t market or sell that. It didn’t allow for a recognizable brand to build upon. For a few months, I tried to be in so many places at seemingly the same time that finally the press began to doubt there was a single hero. They instead speculated that my actions spawned copycat vigilantes.   
  
Leviathan stared at nothing for a long time, until finally burly men in scrubs moved to positions on either side of the gurney. They patiently watched the priest and the politician conversing off to the side. I concentrated for a moment to listen.   
  
“Father Thomas, I doubt that our ‘hero’ is going to make an appearance, but if he does - I want you standing as close as possible to the exit over there. I know you came to give Last Rites, but the prisoner has not asked for any such courtesy. In fact, he expressed the opposite intention with strong language and many threats of violence.” The man wiped sweating palms over the top of his hair slicked back in a vain attempt to hide the bald spot on the crown of his head. His carefully manicured nails and heavy rings glinted in the lights above the theater. After smoothing his salt and pepper mane, he brushed his hands along the sides of his pants before adjusting his thin red power tie. His suit draped perfectly on his lean frame, cut to hide the small pooch stomach that he’d started to gain a few years back as the wealthy wined and dined the newly elected governor. Something that I noticed he’d become quite concerned about recently. He looked the priest in the eyes. “Certainly you understand the need for prudence?”  
  
The priest smiled at the politician beatifically. “Governor Halsey, I appreciate and accept your concern. If it will ensure the safety of yourself and the men from the prison administering judgment today, I will happily comply. I wish for no one else to be hurt. While this man may have decided to refuse Last Rites previously, I will remain to ensure that this decision remains absolute until the end. **All** are worthy of salvation, sir.” The governor shrugged and looked away from the priest. He looked around the operating theater as if expecting someone or something else. The priest cleared his throat. “Governor, I do not believe that the hero is going to attend today - at least not in an overt fashion. The threat to arrest him made sure of that.”  
  
The governor smoothed his hair once more and began to mutter a swear under his breath before thinking better of it. “Father, while I appreciate your opinion, I hope you are wrong. Someone has to pay for all of the damage done.”  
  
“Someone *is* paying, Governor.” The priest nodded to the imprisoned man who now glared at them with disapproval - as if he were a king or emperor of old. The governor shook his head and pinched the bridge of his nose.   
  
“That’s not going to be enough, I’m afraid.” He looked down at his watch, an expensive timepiece with diamonds along the face and precision movements. “It’s time to begin.” The governor walked to the center of the amphitheater and stopped inches from the restrained prisoner. I leaned forward slightly, but Leviathan didn’t move a muscle. He stared out at the crowd as if looking for someone. Governor Halsey lifted up his hands and began to speak.  
  
“Good people of Gideon. Thank you for attending today and bearing witness to justice being served. A threat that has long plagued our fair city has finally ended, and now the specter of ‘supervillainy’ no longer casts a pall over our streets.” Governor Halsey raised his hands to signal quotation marks over the word supervillainy, something that brought a minor twitch from Leviathan’s left eye. I shifted my weight without thinking which brought forth a tiny creak. The woman next to me with lipstick on her tooth hissed at me quietly - though perhaps not as quietly as I would have liked. I glanced over at her with what I hoped was an apologetic expression, only to look back and see dark eyes locked with mine.   
  
Leviathan seemed surprised for a moment. I don’t think I’ve ever really seen him surprised. Not even after that cross to the eye the other day. If anything, that punch seemed to amuse him for the brief moment he remained conscious. He smiled and gave the smallest nod in recognition, then went back to glaring with imperious disdain at the crowd.