The smell of freshly cut herbs fill the kitchen. Piles of feverfew and Chamomile lay neatly to my right, while to my left, small piles of chopped up Rosemary and Gingko. I look over to my herb cabinet and sigh, most of the compartments are empty and the rest are almost there too. I'm running low on supplies, and there are so many fairies and humans who still need medical attention.

The sound of the bell above the door chimes and makes me look up as the door squeaks open as Charlotte walks into the tiny cottage. Herbs and flowers fall to the ground from her messily put together basket leaving a little trail of greenery behind her. We'll need to review basket etiquette for optimal herb picking before I can teach her anything new. 

Charlotte plops the basket down on the counter, sending more herbs flying out of the basket. "CHARLOTTE!" I gasp, she cuts in before I can say anything more and shouts "DID YOU HEAR THE NEWS!" she's practically jumping for joy at this point, slightly fluttering her wings to keep her in the air for longer, "Charlotte, take a deep breath and calm down, you break something if you keep jumping around!" I say, glancing around the cottage where little glass jars are clinking into each other.

"We just got news from the capital! The Queen and King have their first heir!" An Heir! A smile breaks out across my face. This is the greatest news sense Nadia's wedding! The Queens baby will bless the lands! There are so many preparations to be made, I will need to plan my blessings to the child. There is so much to do! "What day is the Christening?" I ask, walking around the counter.

Charlotte starts giggling and I look up, confused at what is so funny, "Didn't you read the invitation" Charlotte says still giggling. Invitation? Already? I walk past Charlotte and walk over to the stack of mail on the table. This morning when I got my mail, I don't remember seeing an invitation from the Capital. Sitting down at the table, I pick up the letters and begin to sift through them, carefully reading each one. Charlotte pulls a chair up and sits next to me reading the letters with me. I hear the sound of paper crinkling and Charlotte places a letter next to me.

"This is mine" Charlotte murmured, "I got it this morning while picking lavender, a soldier from the capital delivered it." I set down my last letter and feel my heart breaking. "Have the others all received letters?" I whispered. I feel tears pricking my eyes. The look on her face answers the question before she does. Charlotte weakly mumbles a quiet yes, but I barley hear her over the pounding in my ears. Hot tears roll down my face, and I look up and see that she is in a similar state.

Years ago, when fairy's and humans were at war, our most powerful ruler, Queen Elvina, brought peace to our land. She said, 'Fairies were not put in this world to cause harm, we are gifts from the stars that were put on this world to help all the living creatures and keep peace in the lands. And Peace we kept until you stormed our land and killed our animals. You spilled fairy blood which is sacred and rare. You have tainted out once beautiful land and colored it red.' She then gave the humans an offer that they could not turn down, she offered to the humans that 'We need to put an end to the bloodshed, and come together and form peace. In exchange for peace, we will gift you a portion of land in the east. We will gift you the aid and help of fairies, and bless your Heirs with the gift of the land and blessings from the fairies. All we ask of you is to end your squabbling, to stop tainting our lands in blood. If you do not hold up to your end of the peace, may you feel the wrath of the fairies, may they curse you, your land, and all your heirs to come.'

To not be invited to a Christening is seen as one of the greatest signs of betrayal for a fairy. Not being invited to a Christening is the Queen and King saying that you don't exist to them, and that they don't want your blessing on their child, it is saying that you are not worthy, and that you are beneath them. Never before has a fairy been excluded from a Christening, its is the type of thing that one would only hear in storybooks.

The smell of lavender and chamomile fill my head and the sound of clanking china and light sobs fill the little cottage that pulls me back to my senses. Charlotte walks over to the table and gingerly sets down teacups and sugar cubes. A high pitch shrill sound slices through the silence of the cottage, and Charlotte walks over to get the boiling water off the stove.

She pours the hot water in each of our cups, causing the lavender and chamomile sent to get stronger, giving me a slight headache. She put in too much Lavender, its going to over shine the chamomile, the best this tea will do is make me a little drowsy. Its the thought that counts though. At least she is trying.

As I'm putting sugar in our cups, her voice chimes in, raw from crying, "So what are you going to do?" and to that I can only sigh. I have no idea what I'm going to do.

It is fairy custom that if a fairy is disrespected to this level, they curse the family that disrespected them, and in this case, The queens child. If I don't follow through with the tradition, I will be shunned for not upholding Queen Elvina's peace offerings, and not upholding our main duties as fairies. But I cannot bring myself to even imagine using my magic to harm someone, especially a child. 

But Charlottes right, I have to do something, so I drink my tea.

&amp;#x200B;

If you have read all the way through this, thank you!

I would love any feedback on what you thought about the short story, and any constructive criticism that you can give me

This is my first time writing something other than a school paper and I would really like to develop my writing skills more!