You ever get that that feeling? Where your mind is so clear its like those ponds? The ones where you can see every fish and every rock? Or where your your mind just fully automates like you fought this dragon before?

Well this super insignificant task, thats been sitting in my quest log, isn't like that! When i got to Theroshine, the old farmer and bladesmiths cat, went for a wander and I'd never seen Mards "Mirrors" Metalsmith or his father Frander fielder so distrought! The stubby, shrivelled, dirt covered man and the 7 foot bear-beast mountain had tornado'ed over every axe, hammer, sword and dagger! Mirrors had been flooding his furnace with his ice tears for god knows how long ive been questing! And the poor ol duster was having a meltdown on his favourite rocking chair holding the cats bed.

I deemed it immediatly nessecary to find the pesky purrball, Ingots. Whom opened the door and knocked a blade between it. Well thats what i was told between snotballs and waterworks and that she couldn't be too far. Well now, i've asked every tailor, every book-keep, every garden-greeneries, and every single person in this town. Not one has seen any blue cat. I've also used a search clue to help with these tasks, all it said is "try green?" So I looked up in every tree and deep into every bush. Not ONE! BLUE! cat!

Maybe i had missed a green bag or something? I guess i have to go te every one of his shiner's and well i have spent more time looking for ingots than i have anything else. Its like every quest had been leading up to this. And this quest is ONLY A D RANK QUEST!

I had stumbled upon some luck as to where i found a green bike behind Shawshoe shoes. I gently moved the bike out of my way hopeing not to scare this kitten "if it was there" and i sweetly sang out her name. I got a hiss in reply and thought she is probably a bit agitated. So i pulled my trusty knife-torch out and shone it in the direction of the hissing. 

Tang!

I looked at what i thought was this cat and it turned out to be a shoquor snake, who by the way had devil eyes looking into my soul. 
I launched myself back and quickly booted the bike back, almost, into its old resting place.

I decided that after at least 14 hours of daylight could have helped but i was wrong.

Turns out that green in the "help me" section ment the green glow off the roof of some pyramid-viking-old english-aztecy looking shack. The closer you got to this shack the more ancient it became. Well this level 2000 dragon-slaying, burgrum drinking, barrel taming, waterboat windsurfer, definantly could find this purfectly people-escapee, Ingots.

If i have to do another quest like this i think i would stick to barrel taming. Because finding Frander and "Mirrors" was not like i had thought. But atleast the returning of Ingots got Franders so happy he jumped the cow jumping the moon.