School was ending, and my best friend and I were looking over the paper stuck on the bulletin board.

"Ahaha, that's a good one, Ava," I said, reading through the school club postings. "Alright, alright, no choir. We're not signing up for choir."

"...But would you ever sing for *me*, though?" I turned to her, exaggerating a wink. "And what kind of birds? I hope that it's not those pooping geese! Poooooo is ewwwww."

Ava snorted softly. A faint smile played around the corners, but it disappeared just as quickly. I frowned.

"Oh Brian, you've barely changed since elementary school," she stated forlornly.

"OI!" I cried, placing a dramatic hand over my chest. "What's that's supposed to mean? Elementary school was 3 months ago!" Her smile, though wavering, slowly crept back up.

Mission "*Mood Lightening"*: Success!

"Maybe... I'll just show you. Just this once?" Ava yoinked on my hand and pulled me away from the board. I followed her down the hallway and into an empty classroom. The chairs were stacked, so we plopped onto floor.

"Do you trust me, Brian?" She asked me.

"Whoa there, you're the one trusting me here. And I'm honored. Very." A thought drifted by, and I added, "And Ava, I trust you with my life."

"Okay," Ava nodded shakily. "Okay, okay." She inhaled.

Her exhale was a note that thrummed, running deep into my chest and vibrating into my bones. My heart started racing as a melody crescendoed, and wisps of fire started cackling around us. Firey birds rose out and joined in.

*Phoenixes*. *Magic*.

Memories slammed through me, bringing me flashbacks to an age where the world was in ruin. Rubble. Broken families. A light that loomed ominously over the dark skies. Ava researching intricate runes that could send us back through time, and me drawing them on the crusty floor of an abandoned building.

*Reincarnation*. *Again and again*.

The music stopped, and I was huddled on the floor. A round of expletives left my lips immediately. My voice suddenly sounded too tiny, and too high.

Ava pulled me into a hug, and it was an embrace I haven't felt in years.

"Oh Brian, you've barely changed since your 26th birthday," Ava whispered forlornly.

"Shut up. I'm inches shorter now." I paused, and the weight of it all finally settled in.

*We're adults stuck in children's bodies. Again.*

And we have only 13 years to prepare and stop the end of the world.

*Attempt No. 142: Begin.*