  “Again with this?” asked Ty, sighing deeply. “That isn’t a spell. The most technologically savvy person in the party is the artificer, and even he has no idea what an EULA is.”

  “My character does,” replied Gareth stubbornly. Ty barely knew him; he was a friend of Terry, and Terry hadn’t been able to make that session. It was only session two, and Ty already wanted to make him leave.

  He resisted the urge. “Whatever. Andrew, you can take a shot since you prepared your bow action.”

  Andrew rolled. “18!”

  “That’s a hit,” Ty confirmed. “Roll for damage.

 “Five on the 1d8… eight sneak attack damage… adding my bonuses… alright, a sixteen! Not bad for a level 3.”

  “Very good, very good. Now, leaping out of the shadows, you see a strange, wolf-like creature. It is unrecognizable to most of you, but Lyra the cleric might recognize it due to her past…” 

  “I look it up on Google Chrome,” interrupted Gareth. “I read the entire EULA, so I have a +3 to browsing.”

  “Browsing is not a stat that exists! And that’s not how EULAs work! You don’t even have an action! Let’s just… skip past that… Rachel, roll history.”

  Rachel rolled. “6,” she groaned. 

  “Not gonna cut it. None of you recognize that creature, and no more prepared actions can be taken. Now, roll initiative.”

  Each player rolled, and the wolf got first in initiative with a 20. 

  “So, as, uh… ‘Mikrasaft’ the wizard did not bother to move behind the front liners…” Ty started, interrupted by Gareth snickering at his own character name, “and instead opted to read the “license agreement” of his dagger, the wolf charges towards him.” A bit mean to do to a beginner player, sure, but he was *really* getting on Ty’s nerves. “He hits with a sixteen, and deals… 7 damage.”

  Gareth went next. “I cast Firefox,” he announced.

  “Firefox isn’t even a spell, dumbass!” shouted Thomas, who was playing a fighter. “And if you cast fireball, you’re gonna hit me, Rachel, Andrew, AND yourself!”

“I cast Firefox on the dire wolf,” said Gareth again.

“How do you know it’s a dire wolf?” asked Ty. “You’re all beginners.”

“My ‘avid tech user’ ability lets me look up monsters in and out of game,” explained Gareth. “You really need to pay attention to our characters, dude.”

  Ty decided to not say anything to prevent himself from yelling at and/or punching Gareth. Lyra the Cleric went next. “Rachel, heal me,” demanded Gareth.

  “I can’t heal you,” said Rachel, gritting her teeth, “because I exhausted all my healing spells last fight when you got hit, like, a million times shouting at Ty to read the dungeon’s EULA.”

  “I cast a curse of bad Google searches on Lyra,” announced Gareth.”

  “It’s not even your turn!” protested Thomas.

  Gareth shrugged. “It’s what my character would do.”

  “That’s it,” Ty snapped. “Leave my table and don’t come back until you have a character that adheres to the rules.

  Gareth gave in and left. The rest of the session went well, as they were able to defeat the dire wolf and rescue the group of goblins they had been sent to look for. Ty set the date for the next game, and, to his surprise, Gareth came back with a new sheet.

  “Is this character better, Gareth?” Ty asked.

  “Yeah, he is,” said Gareth, grinning and holding up his character sheet. “This is Jim. He’s a Park Ranger.”