Shadows crept along the walls of Wesmond's estate, dark vines unfurling to take up more and more space, claiming the house as their own.  
It was a dark night. Wesmond knew that for certain.

A rap at his door, and he slid the sleek, polished wood aside, taking no time as he sped to get the evening over with. He longed for the comfort of the next morning but to try to escape his fate would surely be folly.  
A man clothed darkly stood on the step, his face dressed in the same shadows that laughed from the stairs.  
An old customer.  
Arguably an old friend.

"Simon, what might you be doing here?"

The wealthy benefactor chuckled, humorlessly.

"Your time is running out, Wesmond. I have an offer for you."

This sent no chill up Wesmond's spine, but rather sent the house around him kaleidoscoping, faintly washing in and out with a faint pressure.  
This was something crueler than death. An eternal favor.

"What do you want, Simon."

The old man bowed his head.

"A good question. Right now, I have only one thing I need from you Wesmond. Service. Ideally, everlasting, but I'm willing to settle for long beyond your lifespan.  
You have no apprentice, no study, none to pass on your wisdom to. Why not?"

Wesmond smirked without a trace of mirth.

"People ask me that a lot. I will not take the same from you. Answer my again, Simon. What do you want?"

"Some," Simon began, a tone of whimsy, of longing, tracing along the curve of his voice. "Might be inclined to make you a thrall, to force your cooperation."

His sing-song timbre only served to madden Wesmond more. The creature's (for Wesmond was swiftly losing all pretensions) speech dropped to a low, threatening whisper.

"But you have served us better than that, Wesmond. You deserve all of the grace we who are lost and found in the night can offer. Thank you for your kindness for all these years. Are you ready to join us?"

Wesmond's throat caught in his throat, a sensation so bizarre and uncanny that to try to explain it would be unsatisfying for all parties involved.  
His lungs dried and his neck bulged, and the inside of his throat gulped many times, but he was quickly losing any sense of breath. Simon looked down on him sadly.

"It's already happening. We can stop this, Wesmond. We can help you. Just let us. Let us help you Wesmond."

The voices began sliding past the old man as he crumbled to the floor, choking on fear and something else, something tangible.  
*Oh.* He thought. *I'm going to die.*

He tried to fix his gaze on Simon with his rapidly fading vision, eyes blurred by stinging tears and falling bells. The man did not conform to expectation.  
His face was not pale or noble, and its disposition resembled more closely the sickened hue of gangrenous limbs. His nose, if it could be called that, was severely broken, yet persisted nonetheless, and while he sniffled and muttered empty statements under his breath, as if to ward off an intruder.  
Many names answered his call and each had a voice. He almost felt himself joining them, but Wesmond remained strong.  
The air faded, the shadows encroached, and finally, Wesmond folded.

"Help."  
He croaked.

Simon grinned, his teeth sallow and unnaturally sharp.

He stepped across the doorway, towards the carpenter.

Wesmond made no protest.