**AITA for locking up my adopted daughter before her centennial?**

You might be wondering why Morac, the Mother of Realms and All Creation, is coming to you of all places for advice. That’s because I am at my wit's end with my adopted daughter, Daisy.

You see, when I adopted her about 98 years ago, I didn’t know her full lineage.

She was abandoned, and the only paperwork related to her was the name Daisy. I mean babies between the mystical races of the realms often get left behind, turned over to Nowhere. But I had heard her cry and when I saw her---those big black eyes filled with the gleams of nebulas yet born---I couldn’t help but be moved. So yes, I, Mother of Realms and All Creation, adopted her without knowing the full extent of her parentage.

For decades, that was fine. I taught her about conjuring magic and realm exploration. Showed her all the millions of worlds that I designed. She even took to designing a few herself! Then, about her sixtieth, the kidnappings started. She was princess of the Nether where we lived, a place with portals to all the realms I birthed, so naturally, unscrupulous sentience were tempted to kidnap her. There’d been dragons, orcs, robots, demons, and angels, to name a few that succeeded.

I was running out of bodyguards for her as soon as I made them. Not to mention the few bodyguards that also decided she needed to be whisked away from my Keep of Eternal Passage in the Nether.

I mean, once was reasonable. Four times in a decade is a lot, but they kept coming. More and more of them each passing year.

So I went to God (with a G) the middle management of realms who ran Nowhere, to sort out this whole kidnapping surge. They were devastating, to say the least. I feel like that’s a common theme when meeting God.

I go, “You’ve got to help me understand why she’s getting kidnapped left, right, and even in non-euclidean axises.”

They go, “You adopted Daisy right?”

I go, “Yes”

They go, “Well of course sentience will go after her. Her father was Asmodeus, she’s irresistible.”

I go, “Her father was Asmodeus? The Incubus, and Supreme demon of lust!? Why in the realms didn’t you tell me?” I might have been shouting when I said that, shaking more than a few singularities into a bang.

They go, “I did, we gave you her name - D.A.I.S.Y. - Daughter of Asmodeus and the Ignoble Seraphim of Youth.”

That, unfortunately tracked because the girl didn’t age. She looked perpetually like a 21 year old, but I was outranged, “Those are her parents?!”

They go, “Don’t blame me for your misunderstanding."

It should be noted that while I’ve birthed hundreds of realms, it was all done asexually. I never needed another entity for more than companionship and friendship, which is probably why I never noticed little Daisy unconsciously sending out all those magical luring desires across the multiverse. My fierce asexuality made me blind to how she’s come into deity-hood  pulsing with the yearning of a thousand lifetimes.

This wasn’t her fault, it never was, but I have no idea how to help her.

Her power will only grow in the next two years before her centennial. Once that hits, she’ll come into her full powers and threaten to send the multiverse into a convulsing, delicious sexual frenzy.

I really can’t let that happen, so as soon as I got home I locked her in her room and I do not know what I’m going to do when she turns one hundred.

Should I keep her locked up forever? Or at least until she learns to control her powers? What do I do with all those kidnappers that keep popping in?

I could seal the Nether, but then entire worlds might die from the lack of magic. This is so frustrating!

Asmodeus is not answering my DMs, and the Seraphim is off on holiday, whatever that means. I swear the avatar of youth has no concept of responsibility.

**TL;DR Locked up my adopted daughter before her centennial to prevent her from saturating the world with her magic. It's not her fault. I’m just not sure what to do about the fact she got her bio parents' powers.**

\---------------------------

[4th wall here.](https://www.reddit.com/r/SevWagoner/comments/viow9m/daisy_of_the_nether_realm_aita_collection_of/)

I’m a new aspiring mix-genre-romance author, started last week. You can check out my subreddit for updates. &lt;3 Also any advice on how to improve is appreciated.