“Death before dishonor”, that’s what they say, huh?

Sanngrid has no regret for what she is about to do. This war must be stopped, no matter what. And at last - at long last - every god up agrees with that.

But these punyheads are all bark, no bite. No one is going to help the land. Because We MuSt KeEp StAtUs QuO aNd Do NoT iNtErVeNe.

Fine then. She just has to do it herself. With no glory or rewards or whatever.

So crimson Valkyrie spreads her six wings and soars down the sky without crossing a barrier within realms. She doesn’t want to be seen, just yet. Sanngrid only has one chance, and she must plan it all through.

“While all those self-proclaimed peacekeepers are stuck in their morality and ethics debates, I will make what is right” she muttered under her breath. “Ugh, how do I hate this darn planning! But I am just one god, so I can’t afford to lose! Those little creatures call for me! I hear their pleads for help almost every time!”

And here it is. The battlefield. The trained eye of a goddess started seeking souls worth alleviating to Lenifior, but then she shakes her head. No, no time for that. She must see the full picture of the battle to see where to strike.

“Found it”

The invisible goddess soared amidst of battle, watching it silently. She saw humans trying to resist. She saw beasts, impenetrable skin repelling every hit.

And she saw them holding back their power.

“What sick bastards you all are... Playing with my followers, killing them even without iota of effort just for your pleasures...” Sanngrid hissed and started releasing her powers.

What is god if not a bubble filled with power? And if, say, all those power would be released at once... How sad would it be to see such magnificent beasts be crushed, mauled and mutated by it? Ah ah ah, how sad would it be...

The goddess saw one of the winged beast sense her. Wait, they can sense higher beings?! Now there is no going back for sure.

3...

2...

“SANNGRID NO! WE FORBID YOU DOING SO! IT WILL ONLY SPREAD DESTRUCTION!"

“Piss off. Screw the rules, I do what’s right. “

1...

BOOM.

“May my power help you to combat these beasts on your own, my children”

*

"The war ended soon afterwards, just as Sanngrid wanted. A fragile peace treaty was made between dragons and elves, and other nations followed them. A goddess's wish was granted, but countries laid in ruins, and a huge celestial body laying on the ground emitted force so strong, her beloved humans couldn't live there any longer. Was it all worth it, young valkyries?" a teacher in Lenifior, up above, asked her students, future gods and goddesses." Your homework would be writing an essay on that topic and whether Sanngrid could do any better if she listened to others. Understood?"

*

"Kemanorel resides on a cursed land, where no human can live. Once this land belonged to both Lelonton and Macrotes, but after a sudden land eruption it was deemed inhabitable and given to dragons. It is still unknown what caused the explosion, but shortly after losses sustained by both ally’s and dragon’s armies a peace treaty was made, which forfeited the land to dragons."
Extract from "The history of Macrotes Empire, years 3115"

"You know, it is kinda strange... This one explosion is the reason why dragons have had any casualty at all!" Edelgard sighed and turned the page. I think this story seems just too mysterious. All that curses, sudden explosions..."
" And magic it brought us." Hubert tilted his head in response. "But we are clearly kept in the dark about it"

*

Frosty ran away as far as she could. Those beasts, those vile beasts! Not only they invaded their country and killed many men, but their corruption spread through the land!

The harvest in the year after a war was bountiful, as if gods themselves thanked the nation of victors. Crops grew big and strong, unaffected by pests and diseases, and humankind rejoiced. The symbol of victory - a huge winged body laying on the ground not so far away from the village - was clearly visible from away. Some people of her village even attempted to investigate it.

But soon enough, people who ate magical crops became corrupted. Someone grew horns on their heads, someone sprouted wings from their back. But worst of it all were people gaining some strange powers. They were no different from regular folk, thus unrecognizable and unbanishable. Panic spread out like a wildfire. Trust disappeared and families split apart. No one was safe from this curse.

One day an army came. They destroyed the village and killed everyone in it. Everyone but Frosty. She was a devout believer, so The Radiant One in His grace hid her from attack. She was still alive and breathing. But the girl had to run away from her home. If her memories are correct, in two days walk there is a neighbor village where she will seek shelter.

The girl walked and walked, panting heavily. Frosty ran from the sunrise, and now the sun was high in the sky. Maybe it's time for a short break? Just a little, a few minutes to mend the scratches on her legs...

" Oh, look who we have here... What business does this pretty girl have in these woods?" Frosty shivered when she heard a sudden voice nearby, and saw a man, looking at her with interest.
"I'm... I'm lost, sir. And I'm heading to my home village, Saraito" she tried to sound as normal as possible.
"... Or maybe you are fleeing from the Imperial army. Am I right? Don't worry, I have no intention of handing you to them. Just do me one favor and be free. I may even return you to Saraito you've called home"

Frosty stayed silent. Is it right to trust him? It may be a trap set up to lure her to the army. But, to be honest, she was hungry and thirsty and had no idea where exactly is Saraito.

"So, what is your answer, girl? Deal?"