"I can explain." Zeke said though the blood covering his face made Will doubt that. The former lowered the blood bag he'd been sucking the contents from.

"Oh?" Will countered slinging the bag off his shoulder. A knife was visibly sticking out of one of the pouches. "And here I was gonna say the same." Will added drawing the knife revealing the blade to be silver before stabbing it into the wooden countertop between the two.

Zeke then slammed the blood bag on the counter in much the same manner though it was admittedly less Intimidating. "So your nana is she still... in the hospital?"

"She lives in Florida and I haven't seen her in about four years." Will answered letting the bag drop.

"Not in the hospital then?" Zeke added before turning the sink on and washing his face. "That's good."

"And last month when you were staying with a friend?"

"Aaron? Yea he's a friend been going through a tough time so I was keeping him distracted for a few nights. He's doing pretty good nowadays."

"So I assume you've heard of the Helsing Orginization?" Will asked setting his palm to the blade embedded in the counter.

"Vampire hunters yes I've heard of them- er you?" Zeke said turning back. Now that his face was clean and the water off he was crossed his arms and tapped his foot relentlessly. "Would it help if I told you I've never hurt anyone?"

Will shook his head somberly. "Nothing I've never heard before."

"I kind of figured, I've had friends go missing... people talk." 

Well its not all bad." Zeke said pulling the knife free and setting it back in his pack. "The Orginization doesn't just kill Vampires willy-nilly. A contract comes in usually on a Vampire whose killed before and we take the contract, kill the Vampire, and get paid... Technically we're supposed to report any Vampires we see to said Orginization."

"And you're not going to report me?" Zeke said a hint of hopefulness entering his voice.

"No." Will said at last.

"W-Why not?" Zeke asked.

"Because you got me Panera Bread the other day."