Let's see, let's see... I nibble at the last Uncrustable I could find I'm my mini fridge, scrolling through a long list of games. Oh, why, Diana? Why did you have to be such a fan of action games and such a damn hippie about slice of life?

I'd already found out a few things - been experimenting ever since I realized what happened. From Shogun Showdown and Hitman 3 I learned that while I COULD wander off of the 'main' world, and other places did exist, they were barren and devoid of life. So unless I wanted to eat concession stand hotdogs for the rest of my life, Hitman was off the table. Too dangerous with Agent 47 walking around too, even if I was a nobody.

Speaking of, I learned from a VERY brief excursion into Fallout New Vegas and God of War that the player characters acted closest to their canon counterparts, or in the absence of that, the fanon interpretation - that meant that the Courier didn't go around killing hordes of people for no reason, and Kratos... Well, he's Kratos. 

After reaching the bottom of the list AGAIN, my eyes glazed over, I nibble again, taking a capful of water from my last water bottle. I should prioritize games with vegetables, games with clean water, and especially games with easy access to either of the above. Entertainment can come later - I DEFINITELY want to stop by Final Fight at some point - for now, I need to focus solely on resources. I don't have an internet connection anymore, but thankfully I have every game in my steam library on various storage drives. Switching them out is tedious, but I can find every game in here on something. To make sure I don't zone out again, I decide to talk out loud while I read.

"Inscryption - nah, not worth it. Would be awesome to stop by every now and again after I've got this figured out, though."

The last important thing I've learned, thanks to Stranger of Blade City and Ghostrunner, is that games reset when I leave them. Characters might remember me, but any important events, like blowing up Megaton, undo themselves when I leave. It's weird, but I don't make the rules - it means I could theoretically just use one game forever if I could just find one.

"Just King... Nah, no food and too many enemies. Patch Quest... Maybe? Can a human survive off just honey-goop-stuff? Nuclear Th- no, skipping that one... Dishonored... Last resort. Carrion... Nah. AdventureQuest 3D- when the fuck did I buy that?"

And so on and so forth down the list I went. I could afford to plan for - I look at my sandwich - two more days, maybe, if I could find an easy one. If I couldn't, I'd only have a few more hours. My best chances would be to go into a game like Hitman or Fallout when I'm at my best, and come back and try to figure out something else. Once I have a little food, I can try the ambiguous games like-

"... Danganronpa...? Wait, that might actually work..."

When the hell did I buy that? And how didn't I notice it until just now?

There were two problems with this one. The first problem is with the exact game I have - Trigger Happy Havoc. I hate most of the characters in that one, so it'd be a pain to interact with them. The second and more pressing problem is that I can't exactly go waltzing around in a locked room environment, especially with this - depending on what events happened before I walk in, they're already on the lookout for a hidden student. But, they do have a lot of food and water, since monokuma restocks the kitchen every day... I shrug, and click the launch button.

"Okay, let's see where this goes..."