Tavalis had long been watching a doomsday cult on Earth.  They amused him, and he had even answered some of their prayers in the past, if not exactly as they imagined, in his own way they were answered.

Tavalis could not recall exactly how long this group had been at their scheming, planning, and rituals, but it had seemingly been several generations of these beings that had come and gone.  Their ranks had grown considerably since the beginning of this group, and a few well timed and well placed nudges to show they were sort of on to something gathered more.  After all that time, they have reached critical mass to start drawing attention from greater deities, and Tavalis was not interested in that happening.

Tonight was their big ritual to summon Tavalis, and he will be making an appearance.  He went and picked up a new tuxedo, had his lengthy unkempt hair cut, and his long flowing beard and mustache trimmed for this special occasion.

As the ritual began to draw to a close, the cult leader who called himself Leonras, said the final phrasing.  Tavalis made the grandest entrance he could possibly imagine, and a ball of smoke poofed into existence and dissipated as Tavalis appeared.

Tavalis expected great applause and cheers, yet he arrived to silence and stares.

After a moment that lasted seemingly for eternity, one being stepped forward and looked Tavalis up and down.

"Are...are you...Cthulu?  We were expecting Cthulu..."

"I have never met Cthulu...I am Tavalis...the God you have prayed to since you began praying, and the God who has answered your prayers!"

"Oh! Oh! So, that was *you* that put a family of bunnies in my neighbor's yard when I prayed for a plague to cause a famine?"

"Yes, *that* was indeed me...they destroyed that garden did they not?!"

"Aye, they did!  When you helped little Johnny walk again, but he sprouted a tail, that was you?"

"Yes, indeed, that was *also* me...he can walk better than any being on this planet, can he not?"

"Aye, he can!"

"So, beings that summoned me, I ask you what purpose you have in bringing me here today?"

"Well, we were kind of tired of all the stuff that was going on, and getting the shitty end of the deal all the time, we were kind of hoping you could just...like...wipe all the shitty people out and start over...is...is that...like...a thing...or no?"

"Wait, so, let me make sure I have this down...you want me to kill a bunch of beings over petty grudges you hold against them, whether those grudges are real, or simply perceived?"

"Ye-Yes...that...sounds about right."

"Hmm...I was not anticipating this request if I am being completely honest.  Give me a moment to think about this.  So, you want me to spread misery, hate, and destruction to the rest of the world, basically?"

"*Yes*"

"I have an idea!"

Tavalis began meditating and chanting, his head tilted back and he began to float in the air a few feet off the ground as his words filled the room.  

Suddenly, Tavalis stopped chanting and his eyes opened, then there was a loud thunderclap outside, and a bolt of lightning lit the sky as if it were broad daylight.  Suddenly torrential rain began falling across the Earth.

"Uh...so, like a mass of Hurricanes or a terrible flood is coming?"

"I have no idea about that, you said to spread misery, hate, and destruction to the entire world, right?"

"Ye-Yes..."

"Well, no one is more miserable than when it has rained for days, people trapped indoors hate each other after a few days, and rain can be pretty destructive in the right conditions!"

"So...so...your solution is to end droughts all over the planet and make people stay indoors for days?"

"Well, I mean...40 days and 40 nights worked for Yahweh...I figured it was worth a shot..."

"Ah, I see...okay...so...should we build an ark and wait like Noah?"

"You know, that's good...yes...do that!"

"Oh!  Okay!"

With that, Tavalis disappeared in a puff of smoke.

The cult then labored, in the rain, and they managed to build an Ark that could hold the 30 people they had in the cult, along with their cats and dogs.  They erected it outside their meeting place and waited...and waited...and waited...after 40 days and 40 nights, the rain stopped...