Several things hit you at once when you wake up. First, the thirst, you’re so dehydrated you should probably be dead. And honestly, you’d expected to be. What you hadn’t expected was this godforsaken hangover. Quickly following that was the fact you’re still alive. You certainly hadn’t planned for being alive. Having banked on being dead there wasn’t even a glass of water beside the bed.   
  
You stumble to the kitchen and drink straight from the tap. The water’s still running. Odd. The lights are still on. Strange. The apartment isn’t a smoldering ruin of rubble. Stranger still. 

Even the TV is working, price tag and energy rating still emblazoned on the plastic tape you hadn’t bothered to remove in the time since you stole it in the mass looting which had taken place over the course of the last week. You really hadn’t planned for this.   
  
Returning to the bedroom you’re greeted by the sight of your ex-girlfriend softly snoring in a bed of tussled hair and tangled sheets. Nope. You walk back out.   
  
You tread among the cases of stolen beer and half empty bottles of various looted liquors adorning the living room. You check the refrigerator half-heartedly knowing you hadn’t considered water or any actual beverage other than beer a priority. A door full of condiments stares back at you in silent condemnation and you honestly can’t take the judgement of Heinz and French’s right now.   
  
Fuck it back to the living room. Hair of the dog it is. You crack open an IPA and hate every second of the hops washing over your shag carpet of a tongue. The small pile of miscellaneous white powder on the coffee table looks tempting and you decide to partake. Why not.   
  
Feeling a little better you glance around the room looking for the menagerie of pill bottles you’d looted because instead of grabbing water or you know anything essential to surviving the apocalypse, you’d shimmied out of the CVS rattling like some kind of degenerate, pharmaceutical maraca.   
  
And of course, aspirin had been beneath you when there was a plethora of white ovals of hydrocodone and blue footballs of Xanax waving to you from behind the plexiglass of the pharmacy counter. But what’s the point of eighteen months of sobriety when you’re staring down the barrel of a 15-mile-wide cosmic rock hell bent on colliding with the only planet you’ve ever known. Or so they told you.  
  
Honestly, fuck NASA. You sit in your trashed living room surrounded by a week’s worth of illicit and ill-gotten accoutrements and just as you think to unbox the latest gen console you’d pilfered the damned power goes out. Wonderful.   
  
You find your phone and 39 missed calls from family and friends you’d ignored in favor of spending one last night with your ex who’d ruined you and who it looked like you’d be spending a much longer foreseeable future together with because life it turns out is a sick gag gift that keeps giving. The fact your boss is among the missed calls is unfathomable given the things you’d said as you fucked off to loot letting the door hit you on the way out. This is bad.   
  
“Babe…” you hear from the doorway and the dread that fills you is comical and you strongly consider pitching yourself out the window and taking a fourteen story swan dive into the pavement below to finish the job that an asteroid the size of a small island couldn’t be bothered to do.   
  
Your phone rings, it’s your mother. Your ex says your name and still you don’t look up. This is awkward.