Insert somebody instantly reccomending an anime where this is the premise... Okay that's done. Let's rock this.

Ayako Himari was out shopping one day when she saw a young man, he had a shock of dark messy hair, and his uniform was in dissaray. He seemed vaguely out of sorts. Ayako was quietly thankfull her days of schooling were long behind her, excepting the online cooking course she had signed up for but hobbies didn't really count. The boy was crossing the road, and Ayako saw a white truck coming, she tried to yell out to him but he just looked at her confused. Ayako ran to save him, she was 38, twenty-one years older than the young man she pushed. She felt the truck hit and everything went dark, and it stayed dark for a long time.

Light cut through the void, and Ayako shielded her face from it, perhaps heaven was real? Before her was a young woman dressed in a tight red yukata, her purple hair was floating around her in a corona, she had the biggest tits Ayako had ever seen. "It is not your time!" which was a relief, this coma dream could go ahead and end already. "Hello" said Ayako politely, she couldn't be rude, not even to a figment of her concussion.

Two giant hourglasses appeared behind her, one was flowing against gravity "It is not your time. I shall raise you from death in a new world. With powers far beyond ordinary men!" said the voluptuous figure. "I'm not a man, and another world? Like Mars? I hear they have robots there" Ayako said. The Scarlet goddess seemed nonplussed "A woman, of dear that's pretty rare these days. I mean you used to get a lot of girls coming through here thirty years ago but these days it's mostly mean. Usually overinformed ones. Not another planet, anopther world. Paracosm, a world of magic!" she said grandly. "Like David Copperfield?" asked the housewife, who hadn't wanted anything animated since turning 12, she mostly loved medical dramas.

After a lot of exasperated explantion she found herself clad in armor and facing down a huge lizard. Before the dinosaur could devour her she was saved by a hail of arrows. Not drawn by a human but by an Elf with the biggest tits Ayako had ever seen. "Are you okay miss, I'm Renwyn" she said, Ayako was confidant she couldn't pronounce that. She bowed and introduced herself and asked where the nearest metro station was.

After trying and failing to describe a buss she had traveled to the Drakecrest city. It was the biggest city in the world, Renwyn had come here to join the adventurer's guild, it was the last day to sign up for the Adventurer examination. It was punishingly hard, and this year there was a complication. You had to sign up with a partner. Renwyn beged Ayako to sign up with her to get over the technical hurdle. Ayako politely refused as it seemed dangerious.

With no money she applied at a small hotspring inn run by a woman with the biggest tits Ayako had ever seen. And strangely she caught sight of women bathers with shocking frequentcy, twice an hour she got into some contrived situation involving a wet floor, a tumble, and somebody's hand or face ending up on somebody's ass or chest. Ayako wasn't sure how she still had a job frankly. She seemed to learn the skills needed at an unnatural pace. It was so trivial they had her chop wood too, and she somehow did the year's supply in an hour. "This is getting ridiculous" she said, quite a while after it had passed fucking abserd.

She was summoned before the queen to discuss her amazing talents. The queen (who had the biggest tits Ayako had ever seen) had her tested for magical talent and found she had infinite Mana, an unthinkable boon! Ayako refused to join the academy of magi, as she was twentyfive years older than most of the students there and wasn't really interested in magic. She just wanted a stable job and if anyone knew how to get back to Earth that would be nice. She missed her husband, she missed her home, she missed the average cup size not being DD.

\-

Through long years, hard trials, and hardships unnumberd Ayako learned swordcraft, magic, and the skills needed to defeat the Demonlord who terrorised the lands. At ever turn she had refused to take part in this childish fantasy and over and over she had been pulled like a compas needle towards destiny and a lot of sexy but also highly competent young women with tragic backstories.

Ayako faced the Demonlord, who had the FUCKING BIGGEST TITS AYAKO HAD YET SEEN! Monumental melons of mountaious heft. It was genuinely amazing the woman could see over them. "So the heroine has come to die" she said, secretly in love with Ayako already but unable to express it for backstory reasons, which she was about to spend thirty minutes explaining "You see demons once ruled this land before the church came and opressed us and killed my father who only wanted peace with humans. They framed him for seve-" Ayako interupted "I have been here for four years. I have not had a moment of peace in that whole time, I have fought dragons, I have been dragged across a continent, I have had to face my inner demons, and had a thousand year old witch who looked about ten try to seduce me! I don't care, I do not care, no care, care not me, I do not care!" she threw her sword down. 

"Don't give up" Cried Renwyn "I have feeling for you". "I know" said Ayako "I know you think that, but you don't! None of you people know what real feelings are. You don't get them the moment you see somebody, you don't devote your whole life to a perfect stranger for them. I have feelings for someone, and they took time and work, nothing here is remotely like that" she blusterd.

"I want to go home. I won't kill for it, no more. I'm not taking another life for this stupid world. I'm not! Just send me home!" she pleeded, not with anyone here. Time stopped suddenly, and there came an answer "I can't send you back, I'm sorry, this was supposed to make you happy. A world where you matterd, where becoming powerfull would be easy. Where you could have another shot at life" said the scarlet goddess. "I had a life. And you replaced it with a child's fantasy. Is this what you do to those boys? You put them into this world that pushes their pleasure button till their brains turn to mush? People need challenge to grow, they need to be hurt, rejected, to feel powerless sometimes, not this. The people I've met don't act like people, they're like puppets to my desires. I feel horrible for them" she sulked. 

Scarlet sighed "For some people, for the people who are supposed to be here. This is a comfortable place, somewhere they can try again, away from the things that made life hard to bear for them. But you're not like them. You're not maladapted to life on earth. I can see that. You can be reborn, in your own world. You'll start again, no advantage, just a normal person. If you wish it" she spoke with finality.

Ayako almost cried. It was all she wanted... and yet, she was a hero. A real one. She didn't escape a burning building while others were still trapped. So many souls, they were her friends no matter how they many times they had accidently walked in on eachother changing. Ayako made her wish.

A little girl was born in japan the next day. She could not remember her old life, but had taken the wisdom of long years with her into a new life all the same. And as she grew she made friends, all with girls strangely born the very same day she was. They lived good and sometimes uncomfortable lives, what joy they found in them was hard won and certainly real. And they all had big tits happly ever after.