Part 1:

“A cat?” Gia asked seemingly insulted that the old herbalist standing in front of her would even be asked to do such menial tasks. He had a suspicious look of him all thought it is worth mentioning that Gia was prone of being wary of just about anyone, especially old, practically senile men living in the middle of nowhere.

“Yes, a cat.” the old herbalist replied in a monotone voice.

“That’s all you want me to do to find a cat?” Inquired Gia while maintaining a dumbfounded look.

“Yes, look in the forest” The herbalist gestures behind him, pointing directly at a wall, but had the wall not been there  he would have been gesturing to the massive, densely packed forest with various trees, the likes of which Gia had never seen before.

“Okay I will, is there anything else I need to know?” Gia, her expression and tone turning slightly annoyed.

“Details in the notice.” The herbalist maintains his expressionless face and monotone voice.

Gia had heard enough, or more accurately she knew that's all she would be hearing from the man.  She turned around to exit his small yet cozy cottage that smelled of hundreds of different herbs. As she pushed the door she heard the man's voice call out from behind her.

“These berries..” the herbalist said, now holding a handful of berries while somehow managing to not move an inch. “..they grow in the forest, you can eat them if you get hungry.”

Gia nodded and proceeded out the door.

"What could possibly go wrong? It is just a lost cat after all, if it were a dog it would probably have a life of its own after a week, but a cat? The stupid thing probably started chasing after a bird and got lost in the woods." Gia says as she silently chuckles to herself and enters the forest.

Her past thoughts echo in her mind, a constant reminder of how naive she had been. Two weeks have passed since she started looking for Fiona, a seven year old cat with ashen colored fur and green eyes. But after two weeks she's doubting whether Fiona is even alive, or if the forest she's in is even real. The only evidence that there was any one other than her in the forest is a few paw prints, tiny little claw marks on the trees, a handful of seeds from the berry that the herbalist mentioned.

"Surely by now I'd reach the edge of the forest!" she cries out, her extended isolation has caused her to have most of her thoughts out loud.

She looks around desperately trying to find some evidence that the forest she's in has any end. However all she can see is seemingly endless trees, stretching out as far as the eye can see. The thick leaves allow very little sunlight to get through, yet the forest floor has no shortage of vegetation.

As the fifteenth night approaches she is at her wits ends. Her supplies are dwindling and hasn't picked up Fiona's trail for several days. The stress of wandering by herself in the woods for so long had also taken a toll on Gia, constant paranoia as if her every move was being watched, a horrible ringing noise in her ears, and horrible night terrors. She sets up her rudimentary camp underneath what Gia believed was an elm tree however she could not be sure as all the trees sort of blended together like a watercolor painting. The camp consisted of a small fire and bedroll made of once white wool but now stained slightly tan and polka-dotted with all kinds of filth. She lay down and filled her mouth with water from her leather canteen and munched on some berries as she slowly, calmly, drifted to sleep.

The calm quickly and ferociously turned to horror as night terrors started. She dreamt of being in a grand ball in a palace courtroom, wearing a lavish and expensive beautiful silk gown and sparkling jewelry from head to feet. She danced with many handsome men, while envious onlookers both men and women looked and feigned delight. Suddenly the music stops, all the handsome men disappear and she is the only one dancing, while everyone slowly and in perfect union turns their head and stares directly at her and cries out. Not due to her previous status as belle of the ball but because she was an outsider. Her jewels turned to dirt and her gown to rags. The echoes of party goers disgust ring in her ear till all she can hear is a cacophony of insults. The court room slowly in a surreal manner turned into the forest, the party goers disappear, fade into nothingness and take their insults with them. Gia is alone once more.