Tyler and James following their map finally exited the dense forest into a clearing with a lake.  It was wide but they came prepared.  It wasn't the lake they were after anyways.  It was the treasure in on the island plateau near the middle of the lake.  

"The map says that the treasure is on top of that island.". Tyler said while James prepped the inflatable kayaks.  Just circle the island to find the best way up."  James nodded in agreement.  The lake was fed by the mountain rivers and a massive water fall at the other side of the lake.  It was beautiful but business was business.  See if this old map was really a hiding spot for pirate treasure.  They've gone though many sites and gained a small fortune through it.  But it was always a hit and miss.  Never enough to ignore a lead, but tiring none the less.  Traveling to the lost places civilization never reached only to find it usually bare.

James signaled to Tyler to set up camp one they were up.  The treasure would wait till morning.

Every 10 minutes or so there was the sound of water spraying.  Like from a whale.  It was't till they were on the island plateau that they realized it had a geyser.  

They laughed about it when it went off spraying everything with water as it fell down.

"It"s a giant's fountain." Tyler said to his mute friend.  James signed back to search for a beanstalk and golden eggs.  They laughed some more while setting up camp.

The morning was filled with muddy puddles from digging short holes that the geyser filled in.  Frustrating back breaking work.  Or at least it should have been.  Every time the geyser went off they were refreshed instead of worn out soaked.  Eventually it was noticed.  Both Tyler and James started to look younger.  James coughed out something about never feeling this good since the cancer made him lose his... But he stopped short.  He could talk.  Damage of throat cancer was being reversed.  He could talk.  Tyler didn't notice or hear his companion.  Wasn't use to him speaking anyways.

"James," he half whispered as loudly as he could, "there's someone in the forrest.  I see it moving."

Tyler look out at the forest beyond the lake.  Dark figures paced beyond.  Huge creatures, and many smaller ones.  A cackled laugh was heard beyond the lake.  

"We're not leaving with a treasure are we?" Tyler asked.  Noticing his friend looking years younger.

"No, but I don't think we could leave with the giants fountain anyways."  James responded.  Surprising Tyler to hear his mentor speak again.