"Who said it was meant to be fatal, your majesty?" I asked, a blindfold covering my eyes which hindered me from viewing what was clearly a look of surprise from him, "Because last I checked, ANYTHING can be a poison. Besides, I'm a petty man, I not a murderer."

"What..!? You're not only admitting to attempting regicide but have the gall to lie about it's effects!?" King Pharlavel roared out, the guard quickly sprung to action and made quick work of surrounding me, with their loud armor clanking with every step they took, "I should have you executed for this!"

"Be reasonable, my liege. If I truly wanted to kill you, I'd have used *THIS*," I reached for one of the flasks clasped around my hip, it's contents contained a mysterious green sludge that reeked of death so potent it could be smelled despite being tightly corked, "Because if I poisoned you with this liquid I'm holding right now, you would not have had time to put down your glass of wine before you perished."

Pharlavel shuddered at the thought. He approached slowly, and stood a couple meters away, just barely far enough to faintly smell the effects, and audibly cover his nose to avoid smelling it further, "Dare I ask what plant made THAT!?" I smiled in response, hoping he would inquire.

"It's concentrated Toxicosrita extract, which was found in the alchemist's shack," King Pharlavel's face turned to terror, "And the poison I used against you, well, it was naught more than a common laxative. I would suggest you use the latrine soon your highness, the effects are soon to kick in."

Little more than 30 seconds later, he felt the effect kick in, signaling for the guard to go back to their posts white he had to take care of his... business. I was patient enough to wait for him to return so the conversation to continue. a few minutes pass and he returns like nothing happened, "Alright, so you proved your point, uhh..."

"The name's Sernan, my liege."

"Right, Sernan, why go through all this trouble to expose potential treachery? You risked your life for something that may not even be worth it," King Pharlavel was genuinely confused by my actions, as he was right, there was no evidence to support my claim. At least not any that he had thought of.

"Well, my liege, I went through all of this for two reasons. First, if I announce out of the blue, two things would happen, the alchemist in question would have ample time to flee to a rivalling kingdom or become a bandit, and I'd make myself a fool in front of the whole court," King Pharlavel, despite squinting at me in suspicion, nodded in agreement, since I've done more than prove my point to him, "Second, even if there's no direct proof, you, me and all of the guard knows full well that unrest is rising to dangerous levels because of the sheer activity of bandits in the area. Because of this, plots of assassination have an uncanny tendency to rise. Castle Rudenstein's destruction being one such example."

"Aye, Rudenstein was a despicable man, he slaughtered my envoys I sent for peace many a time. If what you're telling me is the truth, we may have a global revolt on our hands, something the bandits will benefit greatly from, and for that, I would like to employ your skills," He startled me with that last part. He is asking a blind person to help him stop an uprising.

"Help you, your majesty? I'm not entirely sure you noticed, but this blindfold isn't a stylistic choice. I can't see worth a damn."

"Sernan, you don't need to lie about that to me. I know of your legendary status as the fabled 'Avatar of the Gods'," Pharlavel smiled at me. Not a menacing or grimacing one either, it was a raw, unfiltered smile, "After all, the co-ordination you have with your hands makes it almost seem as though that blindfold didn't exist, so, what do you say? Are you willing to help?"

\[End\]