It is a special, special honor to be Markus Torbar, the recipient of the first “sick as fuck” of any Celestial King in recorded history.

I remember that day, only a year-odd ago, almost exclusively for those three words. It is,  as the natural laws of society seem to define, “unbecoming” of rulers to express themselves casually or carelessly. Cursing slots neatly into those highest definitions of unfitting for nobility. But nevertheless, the Celestial King himself, prophesied to be chosen on the day of a solar eclipsing when the stars themselves will align in his full name, willed those normalities away when he addressed me with The Sentence, one to be remembered by every person in The Palace for as many generations as they can pass the story down:

“I, by the power imbued in me through the will of the Celestial Sphere itself, will give you, Arcane Artisan Markus Torbar, any object in this world I can provide, so that you shall make me something truly sick as fuck.”

\~\~\~

Though I remember that moment so well, it was not from shock at the phrase. It was from the pleasure of a long-standing plan falling into motion.

When I was still in the cradle, my parents became fine acquaintances of the noble Larocus family. Though Torbar was but an artisanal name, few in the world were practitioners of legal and marketable Arcane Artisary - my mother’s healing charms and my father’s magical armor earned us high, high connections in the sphere of nobility. The count and countess Larocus, very near in age to my parents, were two of their first, and their longest, clients. In return for our gifts of magicwork, they gave us land, guarantees of safety, and when Liir Larocus and I came into the world on the same day, a promise of a rich childhood for us two.

It would’ve been impossible for Liir and I to not have been the best of friends. Those happy days will always bring me warmth. But, not just warmth from their idle pleasantries - the deep, satisfying heat of the progress from now to a grand plan’s first exigence.

Liir and I made plans, as young boys sitting upon sun-dappled porches and hills. Oh, such grand plans. We planned from our stomachs, who vied to one day feast daily upon feasts grander than our own coming-of-age banquets and think none of it. We planned from our hearts, to bury ourselves into admirable hobbies and the finessed arts of romance to assemble ourselves groups of friends and partners to rival our storybook heroes. We planned from our noses to grow gardens of the world’s finest flowers, from our ears to be versed in the fine world of music, from our behinds to never know a surface but silk cushion and wool bedding.

And from our minds,

Well,

We planned to be gods.

Because that would be, according to the only other time the words were uttered from future Celestial King and my deepest companion Liir Larocus’ lips, 

“Sick as fuck.”

And what wall between humanity and godhood can’t be broken by a little youthful determination and a few royal boons?

\~\~\~

“A year ago,” I say to Liir from across the palace hall, “You petrified every other soul in this room when you asked me to forge you a request.”

The great Celestial King Liir Larocus bursts out in deep laughter. Despite my mandatory distance and formality, he trusts me and the otherwise empty room with a less-than-proper visage. “Indeed, I did. It remains a cherished memory of mine.”

“As it does for me, Liir. So now, I’ve come to show you every detail of this completed arcane beauty. You will not be disappointed.”

“Never by you, Markus, or your creations. My eyes and ears are yours.”

Showing off the chest-sized, gold-gilded, arcanically-glowing device to Liir, I launch into a dissection of my greatest creation yet.

\~\~\~

“Meet,” I say, gesturing over the entire hourglass-shaped contraption, “the Word of God.”

“This sphere,” I say, gesturing to a head-sized crystal ball polished in the center of the hourglass’ edge, “Is a binding sapphire. Though meant only to bind beings of demon scale, I’ve routed through it a portal tap into the Realm of Power,” I gesture around at the sapphire’s ring of thick, rune-covered segments that make the hourglass shape’s base, “to expand its capabilities into containing deities. Within it, I’ve placed a minor creation god.”

I grin up at Liir. “Your boons have been incredibly useful. You wouldn’t dare believe how close to all-out war we got for mining out this gem, were it not for your sociopolitical aid, and that’s not to mention asking the Celestial Church to help subjugate a lesser god.”

Liir’s eyes widen. “That’s amazing on its own, Markus. But that sapphire and portal are only a third of the whole device! What’s the rest?”

“This center,” I continue, gesturing at a spiked, undulating, fist-sized diamond floating in the hourglass’ center, “Is an attuned Infinity Crystal. Though they don’t appear in this room, it creates seemingly infinite versions of the entire binding apparatus. Every possible version of what’s happening in that sapphire flows through this diamond.”

Liir watches on with rapt attention. I can see the cogs grinding in his head, and cannot wait for them to click into place in a moment.

“And finally, this endpiece,” I say, gesturing to a thick gold ring at the opposite end with blackness and tiny stars swirling within, “is the Void of Babel. Opposite to the Infinity Crystal, which creates infinite different clones of one changing thing, the Void absorbs seemingly infinite things and can summon a specific one on command. It’s the final receptacle for the infinity.”

Liir ponders for a moment. “What does the Crystal take out of the Sapphire, Markus?”

“It takes words, Liir. His very being is refracted into infinite copies by the Crystal, each of them speaking different divine commands as he lives out infinite lives.” I gesture at the swirling imperfections inside the sapphire - what from Liir’s further view must seem like  light-tricks, I can discern as various swirling forms of a serpent god. “And thanks to this device, every single one is absorbed into the Void, ready to be called forth at a moment’s notice whenever that particular command would be useful.”

A light flashes somewhere behind Liir’s eyes.

The light of a plan finally, fully, totally realized.

“So, whenever I need anything,” he ponders aloud. 

I continue his thought: “Anything at all, limitless within infinity, you simply request it from the Void of Babel…”

“And it will give you the appropriate, power-infused words of a god.”

"Pre*cisely*.” I grin ear-to-ear. 

Liir smiles. “You never fail to disappoint, Markus.”

“That is truly, undeniably, and unbelievably,”

“Sick as fuck.”