The woman stammered back to life. Something I'd seen dozens of times before, enough to know to stay away. From her point of view, it had just happened. No time had passed.

She did struggle, against nothing. Then she looked around. Saw the police investigators.

"He did it?"

"Yep. You've got about ten minutes, miss...?"

"Thomas. Leslie Thomas."

"Yes. Miss Thomas. You have ten minutes. After that it's lights out again. You can call loved ones, say goodbye, finish your business, or tell us the details of your murder, but not both. Make your decision."

There's visible grief in her. It's normal, and we don't have time to help. We can only hope they finish their business and that there's someone nice waiting on the other side. Maybe the guy trying to keep me from bringing them back, the guy holding onto them on the other side, maybe he's not so bad.

She struggles with herself. Hands on her face in thought. Then she comes to conclusion. There's eight minutes, fifty-one seconds on the clock.

"Tall guy. I'm 5'8", he's maybe 6'6". Fucking huge, gotta be at least 250. Black, mid-thirties maybe. He came in here singing the Beatles, drunk as hell. His left eye had the milky, glazed over kind of look, like he was blind in it. He came into the bathroom.and when I told him it was the women's bathroom, he said something about feminism and slammed me into the sink."

"That's all very useful, miss Thomas. Anything else you can tell us?"

She's struggling but understands the importance. She's an amazing witness. Shame that intellect ended in a bar bathroom.

"No. Give me my phone. How much time do we have left?"

I hand her the cellphone. I add thirty seconds to the time because fast people think they have less time.

"You've got three-thirty."

She frantically flips through contacts till she finds the one she's looking for. 

"Shane. Shane, I know you love me. I know. Listen to me. I have very important things to tell you."

I turn away. These conversations always suck to listen to. Final goodbyes are so very bittersweet.

"I love you. I've loved you since I knew who you were and I never stopped. You asked me to spend the rest of my life with you, and I got to do that, and it was amazing."

Tears begin streaming down her face. I can see it in my periphery. I'm fighting back tears of my own.

"I wouldn't have traded it for anyone or anything ever. You're the sweetest, smartest, most caring person I've ever laid eyes on and I can't let you deprive the world of yourself. It needs more people like you."

The tears win. This job hasn't broken me yet and the thought of someone this sweet and full of love being lost so quickly and so senselessly breaks me. Tears trace lines down my cheeks.

"Mourn me, and move on. Find someone else worth loving and make their life as amazing as you made mine, love. I love you. I love you, I love you, iloveyouiloveyouiloveyou. More than anything."

I hear sobbing on the other side of the phone. I'm a step away myself.

"I know, baby. It's not your fault. Goodbye. I love you. I won't stop."

Leslie Thomas drops onto her back. The forensics team is going to lament the blunt force trauma on the back of the skull that was caused because of a rez. A desperate, sobbing, mess of a man screams on the other end of the phone, begging whatever God will listen for another instant with the woman he loved, no doubt more than anything.

I slowly walk over, pick up the phone. 

"I'm sorry, Mr. Thomas, she's gone."

The wail of despair I hear reminds me of stories of banshees. But this is no vengeful spirit. This is a man broken.

He doesn't bother to hang up. Loud sobs emanate from the phone.

I decide to do him the courtesy of providing a little privacy.

In the end it's myself and Leslie Thomas alone in the bar bathroom she died in. But there's something different, and I'm not talking about the slight trauma of her skull hitting the floor after she re-expired.

When we found her, her face was utterly neutral. No expression.

But I swear, when I look at her face, there's a small hint of a smile.