"Hey, you're Hira of Haraighlei, right?"

"I am. And you?"

"I'm Vara. You're looking into the criminal activity here, right?"

I nod. "You know something? What happens to criminals here? Everyone seems to be tight-lipped."

"Because everyone here knows what happens to criminals. And everyone's okay with it. You're new, you're a tourist. You'd probably freak out, being a delicate little thing from the outside world. You probably haven't suffered the crimes of the criminals that you're looking for."

"I've done many jobs; I'm well-studied on the subject."

"So you'll go screaming to the world that we torture our criminals and keep our subjects in line by force?"

"Do you?"

Her face twisted into an amused smirk. She must've dealt with a lot of skeptics. "I'll let you decide. You're the reporter. It's not your job to tell everyone my opinion or your opinion. It's your job to find the facts. Do you want to see?"

"See what?"

She leaned in close, her voice barely a whisper and yet I could hear her perfectly. "The criminals."

Was this a trap? Had I been identified as a threat and they decided they wanted to eliminate me?

"Oh, don't make that face. It's available to the public at all times. I'm not chaining you in cuffs; you can follow me or don't."

Just like how people could leave the city whenever they wanted. The illusion of choice.

Even knowing about the illusion, I ended up following her into an elevator and descending into Basement 3. It wasn't quite a secret underground testing facility or anything; it looked like a school building. There were open doors to room after room with around two people inside each. One of the occupants was always asleep on a bed, with the other typing on a computer at a desk beside them.

"Zoya! We have a guest who needs a demonstration."

We entered one of the rooms at the end of the hall where a cat-woman with dark hair tied into a ponytail was typing on a laptop with a man restrained on a bed beside her.

"Oh? Brilliant! We're just getting to the good stuff."

She grabbed a remote and turned on a television, bringing up some sort of Resident Evil game. There was a giant slug-like fetus creature chasing after the POV character, who ended up getting caught and slowly eaten. The man whose eyes we were looking through screamed in horror as his body was slowly crushed. I could hear the crunching of bones, the tearing of squishy organs, and though I couldn't actually feel anything from the video, my skin crawled just imagining what that would be like.

The worst part was that I could hear the wails of a baby the whole time. It sounded like it was in more agony than the man, and in the distance there was the sound of sobbing from a woman.

"You missed it," Zoya said gleefully. "Earlier I made him give birth. Made the little monsters tear their way out of him while he bled out. Classic. Boys can't handle childbirth."

"You mean you're actually subject him to the pain of these...nightmares?"

Vara closed the door behind me. "Don't raise your voice. Tell us what's so wrong about that?"

"You ARE torturing people!"

"It's all in their heads," Zoya shrugged. "And when we're done, we erase all their memories. They're essentially reborn."

"Then why bother with the torture in the first place?! Why not just erase the bad stuff and move on?"

"What do you think this man did to deserve punishment?" Vara asked.

"I dunno. Murder?"

"He posed as a doctor, swapped out a Wolf Queen Luna's pills while she was pregnant, and made her kill her own babies while they were still in the womb. She didn't know what was happening; she thought she was having normal pregnancy pains. She was carrying around the dead corpses of her children for about two months, and in that time the rotting remains turned against her body so she was nearly killed in the process. The doctors could save her life, but her womb had been permanently damaged so she could no longer bear children."

Vara glared down at the man. Though nothing had changed about her appearance, suddenly there was a dark shadow across her face. Her eyes burned with old age, with carefully contained rage that was only concealed through years of practice.

"You feel it's your responsibility to punish him?" I guess.

"Tell me, do you think a man that killed three babies in the womb and ruined that queen's life is deserving of mercy?"

"No, of course not, but you're -"

"What would you do in your nation? Would you lock him in a cell where you give him free food and free shelter and a life free of labor for the rest of his life? Would you let him remain the same murderous creature who performed such an act and laughed as a woman wailed upon hearing what he had done?"

"All we do here is torture them with appropriate punishment to fit the crime until they become repentant," Zoya shrugged. "I'm great at making them beg for forgiveness quickly."

"They leave this place not remembering what they did, or anything that led them to performing the crime. This guy wanted to marry the queen he wronged, but she fell in love with her king instead."

"So you just break their minds for your own amusement and then erase all the evidence?" I ask.

"We give them appropriate punishments in accordance to the wishes of the victims."

"You mean that wolf queen wanted this?"

Vara's sly smirk returned, the exact same she had given me before, but now it seem so much darker. "You've never seen a mother's wrath when her baby is taken from her? She was having triplets."

"What's wrong?" Zoya asked. "The criminals repent, then we give them a fresh start - sometimes we even erase everything and make them start all over!"

"You dump them brain-dead in the streets?"

"We erase who they are and give them new identities of our choosing."

"That's...that's like killing them. That's like playing God, chosing who gets to live in your society."

"It keeps people safe," Vara insisted.

"And everyone in this city has agreed to this?"

"Most people even encourage it. But you think it's wrong, don't you, reporter? You think I'm a dictator, a fascist, a villian."

"I-I never said that!" Vara was blocking the only exit to the room.

"Oh? It seems I have my next assignment." Zoya's mouth stretched into a cheshire grin.

"W-What? I haven't done anything! I won't tell anyone about this -!"

"Aw, look at it trying to lie it's way to freedom - as if it hadn't just threaten to tell the world we're the bad guys."

"I'm not an 'it'!"

"Darling, you're nothing but my prey now."

"If you threaten my people, you're a criminal," Vara said. "You won't tell anyone anything we don't want you to."

"Your people?"

"I am Queen Varanidae of the Tri-Kingdom. And since you've wronged me, that means I get to choose your punishment. And I say that you are going to forget."

Fingers closed in on my temples. Zoya had moved quick and silent as a cat.

I would not leave the Tri-Kingdom. I don't know why I'd want to. I was safe here. Everyone was safe here.