A aura of darkness permeated through the ruins of the building that Jacob found himself exploring. This was nothing new, the young man had made a hobby of exploring dilapidated and abandoned buildings. It was mainly for the challenge and feel of exploration. There was little he liked more than the idea that he could dive into a place lost to time and leave his spray painted tag as evidence that he had left his mark.

Of course he also took the time to open any containers that he could, there was no sense in leaving perfectly good loot to languish unclaimed by anyone. Many would be surprised by what people were willing to abandon to time and neglect.

This building had been different, it was almost labyrinthine and Jacob found himself nearing what he thought was the center of this complex. His flashlight illuminated only what he could see directly in front of him, but it was enough for him to make out a series of tables, broken old computers, and lockers.

This would be the perfect place to leave his tag, but before he wanted to make sure he collected everything he could. Jacob casually walked over to the first locker, opening it to see nothing but disappointment and cobwebs. The second held a much bigger surprise as he saw a full grown human with dark hair and closed eyes. Eyes that suddenly sprung to life making the intrepid explorer double back. "What the fuck man?! Why are you hiding in the locker like some kind of weird ass vampire?"

The pale figure stepped out, brushing aside the dark hair from his face. His black colored lips curled into a smile that flashed his pointed canines. "I am a vampire. I could tear you apart for your insult, but I am feeling generous now. I will give you the honor of serving an eternity as my thrall."

"Nah, I'm good." Jacob said dismissively and began to walk towards the next locker. He only managed to place his hand on the metal when he heard a loud shout.

"How dare you?! I offer you an eternity of service and you spit on it?!"

"Well yeah, being someone's slave for life sounds pretty shitty. Why would I want to do that?" Jacob asked the vampire while looking like he was struggling for a reason not to be bored out of his mind.

"I could kill you where you stand!" The vampire roared while stepping out of the locker that served as his tomb menacingly.

"So could literally anyone else. If I had to be the eternal servant of everyone that could kill me, do you know how ridiculous that would be?" He finally opened the locker to find nothing but some clothes that had been feasted upon by moths already. He shut the locker door dejectedly.

"I could hunt you through the shadows, you couldn't even walk in the darkness without fearing me." The vampire threatened while dripping with malice.

"Yeah but I could just open a window or throw some water at you. You're actually pretty lame."

The vampire bolted towards the fearless young adult, tired of his continued insolence. Just as he was about to strike, his skin seared with pain and began to blister.

Jacob stood there with a rather annoyed look on his face as he held an ultraviolet blacklight flashlight. The same flashlight he used when checking the numerous hotel rooms he stayed in for cleanliness. "You know, you're being a real asshole. I'm just going to go. Way to ruin this for me."

As he turned to walk towards the exit, the vampire asked in a tone that was puzzled, insulted, and impressed. "Do you really not fear me at all?"

"No, you're just a desperate vampire that looks like he grew up in a Hot Topic. You really need to learn personal boundaries." Jacob extracted himself from the conversation and marched towards the exit of the room when he heard the sound of whimpering. He turned back towards the vampire, unprepared for what he was to see next. "Wait dude...are you crying?"

"N-no! Shut up!" The vampire bit back while his hands and cheeks were stained with crimson tears. "Go away and mind your own business!"

Jacob sighed wearily and walked back over to the vampire. "Look man I'm sure lots of people would be scared by you. Shitting and peeing their pants even." He tried to console the despondent undead as he awkwardly patted the creature's back. Jacob looked like he would rather be anywhere else, but he couldn't just leave this vampire in an awkward sobbing mess.

The undead horror let out a small series of hiccups but those seemed to escalate as he hyperventilated as the wellspring of emotion threatened to erupt from him like a geyser of oversharing. "I gave up everything--I gave up my humanity to end up the same nobody in death that I was in life." The overwhelming stench of failure seemed to cling to him like bad cologne. "How do you make people fear you?"

"Why would I want people to be afraid of me? That sounds like a terrible thing to wish for." Jacob lead the vampire to the decrepit tables where they each took a seat on a different chair. "You know what your problem is man? You're scared of everyone else. You've spent your whole life scared and you think that the solution to not being scared anymore is to scare everyone else. That's why people lust for power, so they don't have to be scared of others anymore."

Jacob reached into his backpack and pulled out a couple cans of cheap off brand beer.  He opened one and left it in front of the vampire. The other he opened and took a refreshing sip from before continuing. "Me? I'm not really afraid of anyone. You might ask 'How are you so mighty and fearless oh handsome and incredibly hung Jacob?' Well I used to be terrified of everyone until I realized something. Nobody can do anything to me someone else can't do. You can kill me? So can everyone else with a gun, car, knife, or anything else. Can someone push you out a window into sunlight? Sure but what if they fall off a building? They die like chumps while you fly away laughing."

He took another break from his lecture to take another large sip of his beer and take a deep breath. "We all spend our lives trying desperately to be special when the truth is, nobody is special. Everything we can do, someone else can do and probably better. There are a whole bunch of people that explore abandoned buildings and make sick graffiti. Nobody is more special than you because we're all unimpressive. So just chill a bit, kick back, and just do things that you enjoy with your life. Be the kind of person you would want to hang out with." Jacob drained the last of his beer and rose to his feet. "The beer is on me. Take it easy."

As Jacob left, the vampire sat in stunned silence as he processed the fact that nobody was more special than him. He didn't need to be special at all, everyone sucked equally. Especially Brad. For the first time in his life, he wasn't afraid.