I emerged from the restroom, adjusting the last bits of the bartender's uniform I had acquired. I wished I had taken a moment to shave before, but my 5 o'clock shadow was just going to have to be part of my disguise. I tugged at the shirt, trying to make the garment somehow fit just a bit better. 

This joint wasn't my type of scene, but I had gone undercover before. And any amount of discomfort was worth the price for information. Johnny Shadow was known to frequent this watering hole, and I was gonna find out where he was layin' low after that heist. I had to. I was the only one who could.

I slipped behind the bar and took stock of what lay before me. Unwashed cups littered the wash sink, a tap of some light beer was dripping, and the bottles on the shelf behind me had a greasy film on the exterior. At a closer glance, it was a polish. These were all still sealed, displaying their varied and pristine logos towards the patrons. A quick glance under the counter revealed their in-use counterparts. 

I could deal with this. 

I began by washing the cups in the sink, which gave me a great view of the rest of the guests. I scanned each of their faces, searching for someone that looked nervous. Johnny had used a few hired guns for this latest job, some that we didn't have files on already. My best bet was to I.D. one of the new goons and get them to slip. Anyone that had worked more than one job with the man wouldn't be the kind to betray him. The snitches didn't survive the first job. 

I scanned the room, looking over the lonely faces that inhabited-

"What the hell are you doin'!" A man shouted from the kitchen. I turned, soapy glass in hand, to stare at the sudden interruption. 

"Washing dishes, boss" I said, trying to bluff my way out of this new predicament. 

"I don't know you! Where's Tracey? Is that her uniform?"

I glanced down at the shirt that read "Hooters" across the bust, which I was quite short of filling out. "Uh..." I said, stalling for time. I hadn't planned on being caught this quickly. 

"Are those her heels too? Jesus, what did ya do to her? Did you kill her?" He turned back towards his kitchen, revealing a large bald spot that the manager had tried to conceal with a combover. "STEVE! CALL THE COPS!"

This was quickly turning against me. At this rate, I wouldn't even get the chance to coax out anything from the first barfly that fell into my web. I had to think fast. 

"Tracey let me borrow this" I said. 

A screech came from the women's restroom as a lady stumbled out. "THERE'S A BODY IN THERE!" She screamed, trembling uncontrollably. 

"She's just unconscious!" I yelled back,  trying to reassure the poor woman. "I just choked her-"

Something blunt struck me from behind. Two loud cracks sounded, one from a baseball bat connecting with my head, the other from my face hitting the bar counter. I fell to the floor, borrowed skirt fluttering to the sticky ground beside me. Through my daze, I could see the manager standing over me, broken bat in one hand, cell phone in the other. 

"Yeah, 911? I got the guy down. He killed one of the girls in the bathroom here, send an ambulance too."

As my vision faded, I knew I was in for a world of hurt. The boss didn't like bailing out his own detectives from his own cells. 

/r/SlightlyColdStories for more of these fun little diversions