*'Raven Star: beloved hero throws the towel!'*

*'Raven Star, burn out, and the new public health crisis'*

*'Superhero admits to mental issues, triggers outrage'*

*'Concerned citizens protest against mentally ill superhero'*

*'Is this the end of Raven Star?'*

The headline of the year. No matter where Lang went, he couldn't escape the newsreel that obsessed over him. Even now, huddled as he was in a ball on his tiny couch, he could hear the news from his neighbors penetrating the walls. 

Stupid super hearing. Stupid chest heaviness. Stupid empty feeling in his bones and head and pain in his stomach. It was numb and fucking hurt and it was stupid.

He hated it.

*"I've been so tired. Things get worse and I don't know how to save everyone. It's so fucking tiring. Can't handle it anymore. I'm depressed and I don't know what to do. I just want to give up."*

That's what he said. A moment of vulnerability. That's all it was for god's sake. Lang's panic attacks were getting worse, all the fucking PTSD happening at the worst possible times. Like in the middle of a rescue mission. That day, he was tired. Weak. 

Like fucking vultures, they swopped in. Bombarding him with questions that he was just too tired to think through. So, like a dam breaking. He let it slip.

Now the world was feasting on it like starving dogs.

"Did you eat yet?"

Lang jumped, summoning a shard of cosmic light and turned. Maverick was leaning on his countertop, paper bags in his arms. The other man's brow arched as he stared questioningly at the burning spear in Lang's hands. With a wave, he made it dissipate, before moving back to his curled position.

"You scared me," he said, muffled as he dragged a blanket over himself. Lang heard footsteps getting closer. A gentle hand pulled it away. Concerned eyes stared down at him.

"You're still in your costume Voyd."

"When I'm home, I'm your husband."

"Still in costume."

Maverick snapped his fingers. Black and blue melted away into comfy sweats and a hoodie, like his own. It made Lang want to snort.

Raven Star and Voyd. Superhero and supervillain. Living in marital bliss. 

"Time to eat," Maverick said. A bowl of steaming noodles materialized from a void on his palm. A void construct grabbed the remote and placed it on Maverick's hand. The TV started playing an animated movie. 

Lang couldn't help but smile. Who knew master thief Voyd was a good husband?

"Thank you," he whispered. Maverick kissed his cheek, before settling beside him. Already, he could feel the numbness creep back, everything feeling like it's there and not so separate. 

He felt okay.

Until he wasn't.

A few hours later, Lang was stiff and curled in the corner of the couch when his super-hearing  picked up the news from his upstairs neighbor while Maverick was on a grocery run that was taking too long.

*"Raven Star? He hasn't been taking care of himself. Irresponsible."*

He recognized that voice. Master Solaris, a galactic hero. A pro in the hero business and a voice of authority. Hearing them say *that...*

He wasn't shaking, but his limbs felt heavy. Not his own. Detached. He curled into a ball and maybe capture something to make the feeling go away. He just wanted it to stop-

*"You cunts really have no idea how to appreciate a good thing don't you?"*

The voice was heavily distorted. A voice changer. A voice he recognized anywhere. 

He grabbed the remote. Turned the TV on. There, on the screen, was Master Solaris, metallic features twisted in a scowl as black void constructs bound him while another person stole the mic. 

Blues and blacks. Voyd's colors. What was Maverick doing hijacking Master Solaris' interview? Master Solaris was then muffled by Maverick's construct. Even masked, Lang could almost imagine the cocky smirk.

*"That's better. And that goes to you, dear viewer."*

The camera was closer. This close, Lang could almost pretend to see those calm brown eyes through the layer of black crystal that made his mask. 

*"You're all cunts for being terrible citizens,"* he said. *"A friendly hero just needed a health break and you all acted like it was a crime against humanity."*

Lang gaped at the screen, shock and awe warring with the heady feeling of warmth, all layered with the confusing mix of embarrassment and flattery. 

*"I don't understand why he loves saving your ungrateful asses. He's still human fuckwits. He's not dead,  just burned out. He needs a break, not a media frenzy."*

Lang still stared, though he couldn't help but imagine the scowl on Maverick's face as he said it. Those eyes that burned with intensity in his defense. No matter what the situation, Maverick stood by him.

He couldn't stop the grin from forming.

*"Is there a reason why you're in the hero's defense?"* one brave reporter asked. Maverick, in full Voyd persona, scoffed. 

*"Because if I lose my archnemesis, then nothing's stopping me from going full supervillain. Be glad I just like stealing. Don't make me bored. Or angry."*

In a flash, Voyd vanished. A few minutes later, Maverick came home, two bags of groceries in hand.

"Hey babe, how are you fee- oof!" 

Maverick didn't finish as Lang hugged him tightly.

"Why did you do that?" he asked. Maverick didn't even try to hide it. Just grabbed his face and kissed him deeply.

"They don't know how to appreciate you. Their loss if they lose someone as wonderful and perfect as you."

The way he said it, full sincerity. It made Lang's insides melt and his cheeks warm. 

"You shouldn't have threatened them," he admonished. Maverick just smirked at him. 

"It's not like it was serious. I'm surprised Daven didn't figure out he could burn the restrains of with him loose they were."

Lang just shook his head fondly, then pulled his husband with him to the couch as he cuddled with his husband. He wasn't ready to go back yet, not by a long shot. But at least he was sure that he wasn't alone. And that was good enough for now.