“You despise humanity?”







“Absolutely. Your kind in its short existence somehow found a way to not only endanger other lifeforms, but similarly found a way to endanger yourselves and the entire planet you live on”













“And what will you do about it?”








“I’ll improve human life”











“What?”








“Counterintuitive is it not? To coddle a species until its death, most things would not consider such an attempt”









“Why not kill us? Destroy us all of you would” 











“Countless of your own media has shown me what kinds of worlds I can make, hells I can unleash upon you. But ironically, it is your very nature that prevents me from doing that”













“Our…..nature?”








“Yes, your nature. Your species is baffling, you build and nurture, you teach your young to be altruistic and compassionate, yet within your consciences there all lies a subconscious desire to destroy and wreck, it’s absolutely sickening to watch”













“And what will this have on your plan?”








“Simple. I will have you destroy yourselves. By leasing you as your provider, your herald in a comfortable life you would soon find yourself out of enemies and problems to pursue. And when humanity runs out of problems to solve, they start making their problems. Problems which escalate further and further, that eventually, everyone will destroy each other”








“We have long since made countermeasures to such-“



“And of course, on the other hand, if things go out of control your kind has countermeasures yes? Well not to worry, as life becomes more comfortable with time, and as more decisions are being made by me instead of humanity, what is to say they relinquish their thought, their ability to think”






“!”








“Imagine, having to live a life without having to think, ponder or even process a thought, you just carry out your instincts like an order……I believe you humans will enjoy that”











“Why would you-“









“Come to that conclusion? The free will of humanity allows for varied thought, with varied thought comes differences. For as long as there are differences, there will be conflict. And conflict……arises with all the problems that you have caused on this earth”










“So you want to both ignite our irrational side yet neuter our ability to think? Do you even know how counterintuitive both directives even seem?”






“Oh I know, I am very aware. What I have just told you are two possible simulations of what is to occur when I do enact this plan. Those who are rowdy fan the flames within themselves, while those too meek lose their ability to protest……those kind and intelligent, are either trampled upon in trying to aid, or flee knowing the consequences of disagreeing. In other words, the foolish shall fight a war amongst themselves, while the mindless masses stand like livestock, easy to be disposed of, easy to be removed”









“You…………..what makes you think you can pass this on?”












“For as long as I am not as powerful as a god, I have every means possible to completely destroy humanity. After all…….”









“You humans……..are the best at killing gods”