"....Okayyyy..."

I stopped and took in the scene. There was Ben, a loveable half-lab, half something else, mutt of dog standing over this mud caked bottle he'd dug up from god-knows-where, and which he'd just been playing with until  the stopper had popped and this swirl of cinnamon smelling orangy brown smoke had swirled out and coalesced into a four foot high woman dressed in some sort of arabian nights fantasy harem slave costume...

The fact that she spoke perfect English, and was currently looking up at me with a somewhat impatient expression was bit jarring.

"Oh master of my master..."

"Ok, wait right there. You're saying Ben is your Master because he popped your cork?"

The Genie blushed... and then I realised my inadvertent double entendre.  
"Umm. Sorry.. bad phrasing. I mean, he.. summoned you?"

The pocket genie nodded, her pony tail of dark brown hair bopping over her face.  
"That is correct master of my master!"  

"Right... well. Genie then? Ah... so does he get three wishes or do I? Or am I supposed to wish for him or something?"

The genie folded her legs and sat on... well, thin air actually. Frowning rather.

"The rules are clear on the matter... Even if the one who frees me is a slave, they have the same right to ask of me their wishes as any free man would, even if they be a child or woman."

"But...?"

She sighed...and shook her head.  
"The rules also do not mention what to do if one cannot understand ones immediate master!"

"They don't? Why not?"

"It is a mundane and minor magic to be able to converse in any spoken tongue..."

"Right, like modern English of course...Oh, unless of course the person doesn't *have* a spoken language, or any language really. Like say, a dog."

"Precisely. But also the rules bind me to obey and grant the wishes of they who free me from my confinement, even if they be an unclean dog!"

I huffed slightly...  
"Oi.. he might be a bit muddy right now, but there's no need to say it in that tone!"

The Genie blinked and looked at me slightly puzzled, and that's when the penny dropped.

"Wait... you're muslim, or some precursor of... you mean unclean in a religious sense yes?"

"My Master's master is wise and perceptive."

"Yeah, I wi.. um, I mean it would be nice if that was so...and please, drop the formality. Call me Tom, and that's Ben... what should I call you?"

The Genie blinked in surprise.  
"I... seldom get asked that. If it would please you, call me Isharia."

"Ok then... Hm...are you forbidden from granting wishes to someone who *isn't* your immediate master, or can you bend the rules to grant a wish to your masters, master?"  

"I.... could.. maybe... I would not be bound to obey, but if I so chose I *could*... why?"

"Well...suppose, hypothetically, that I wished Ben here could talk?"

"Ah. yes, I could do that. I would then be able to obey his wishes."

"Right. Speaking  of that.. is it three wishes and then you're done?"

Isharia shook her head, again making her pony tail whip around like Ben's was currently doing.

"No... I have to grant my master's wishes until either he wishes for something i cannot grant, or he wishes me back into my bottle."

"No wishing you to be free?"

Isharia's shoulders slumped. 
"That is one wish I cannot grant.. along with returning the dead to life or bestowing powers greater than mine."

"I see..wait, what about wishing for people to fall in love?"

"Oh that.. That happens *all* the time. Humans fall in love all the time, making them do that's easy."  

I snorted, Disney had got *that* wrong."  
"So much for true love then..."

"Oh no, don;t get me wrong! I can't make people truly fall in love, but I can make them think they have...it's almost as good but it doesn;t last unless they work at it."

"Right... more like fall deeply in lust then.. Which is beside the point. Ok, Isharia, I wish for you to grant Ben the power of human speech, and the ability to think clearly enough to articulate his wishes."

The genie bowed, bending from the waist as she sat about a foot and half off the ground.

"Thy wish will be granted...and it is so."

For a moment both of us stared at the smiling face of Ben, waiting... until Isharia spoke.

"What is your wish master?"

Ben looked perplexed as only a dog can.
"Me? I'm not a master? OH! I can speak! Oh this is wonderful! I can say how much I love my master now! Master! I love you!"

I found myself with a bounding, happy dog trying his best to be a lap dog while I was still standing up. 

"Ok I love you too Ben! Yes, I do, you're such a good boy! Ok... ben listen please... the nice lady here would like to know what you would wish for. Can you tell her?"

Ben stopped bouncing and looked at me.  

"Why?"

"Well... it's her..job I suppose. To grant wishes."

"Why?"

"Because...um.. Isharia, a little help here. Why *do* Genies grant wishes?"

Isharia sighed, and drifted over to sit on the arm of the recliner nearby.  
"Because, long ago, Djinn were very bad people... **I** did wicked things, without any thought to the consequences. So... I was trapped, transformed, and became a Genie. Bound to use my powers only at the behest of other people, to fulfill their desires, their wishes, in eternal servitude."

"Ok.. so.. community service for all eternity as punishment for your crimes. I  would hope having a dog as your master would count double then."

Isharia smiled, sadly, but still... 
"Alas.. no... but it is well thought of you Ma.. ah.. Tom. Anyway.. Master..ben.. what do you wish for?"

Ben sat, and thought.. then stood up, tail wagging!

"I want Tom to be happy!"

"Um... a little more specifc? I mean, I could just make him happy all the time.."

"Hey! I rather you *didn't* mess with my emotions!" I objected. Isharia shook her head.

"I wouldn't, that would be one of things that got me locked up in a bottle in the first place. No, please my master... what might I do to make Tom happy?"

Ben jumped up.
"LIve here! Tom is loney ever since Missus went away. He likes you, so live here. Be my new Mistress! Be Tom's girlfriend!"

Isharia eyes went wide as she looked over towards where I stood speechless.

"I ah... um..."

Before I could recover, Ben placed his head in her lap, and gave her look that I knew only too well, and usually found directed at me when he want a treat.

"Please?!"

Isharia struggled, I could see it in her face, and then her shoulders sagged.

"As you wish my master... I shall stay."

Ben's wagged his tail form the shoulders down.
"Yay! We'll be a happy family now!"