I stop moving, not even caring about the punch coming for my gut once I start hearing the booing. I just wait for the punch to connect so that I can leave, my dignity be damned. The punch never came. I finally open my eyes to see the villain facing away from me and instead looking down at the community with disdain.  
"Listen here you ungrateful brats." A hush falls over the entire crowd now scared of the ire they have unknowingly brought on themselves. "You really think its a good idea to hate someone who has put their life on the line time and time again. They have stopped the threats to this pathetic city."  
"They are no hero to this city! All they do in cause destruction where they go. We are tired of being the stomping grounds for this wanna be hero." A single voice calls out and the weight of knowing that I have put all these people in danger once again falls down on me. *I never meant for all this damage come to these people I just wanted to protect them.* A cackle can be heard coming from the villain that even had me terrified.  
"You really think its this kids fault? You really don't know much do you. Pity no one will miss you" All I can see is just a flash of light heading towards the person in the crowd who spoke up. There is only a soft thud before a scream of pure pain is let out. I can't stop myself from looking down to see the man is slowly disintegration, an entire arm gone and is spreading. I look to the villain to see what is going on. "Don't deal with these fucks anymore. They don't care about what you have done. We would gladly welcome you in and you can get your revenge on those who have scorned you." A hand is held out for me to accept.   
"What is stopping you from doing the same thing to me as you did him." I know I have to be smart with this. *This won't fix everything but hearing the disdain from everyone in the town has made me want to stop. Making them regret it is just icing on the cake.*   
"You don't but I don't know that you wont take this just to take us down on the inside. Consider it a test of faith for both of us." The words make sense and I know that there is very little else to do but to take the hand.