    EDIT: I'm not sure how to fix formatting. Please help. Thx
    
    
    I stared at the people on the opposite side of the one-way glass. Most of them had no idea why they were there, though I suspected that at least one of them did. I idly wondered why they had to be handcuffed if almost all of them were innocent. I shook these irrelevant thoughts from my mind, and turned to the woman standing next to me. “Are we ready, Detective?”  
    
    “Yes, all the suspects are assembled,” she nodded.  
    
    “You may wish to leave the room while the procedure is being done, Detective. For the uninitiated, the process can be quite… unsettling…” I left the word hanging there, gauging the detective’s reaction.  
    
    “No thank you, but I will stay,” she said calmly.   
      
    I took a deep breath. “Very well.” I motioned to my assistant, Samantha, who wheeled in a gurney carrying nothing but a black body bag.   
    
    I opened the zipper of the bag, which revealed what was left of a body, in more than one piece.  
    
    The late Anthony Jones was last seen departing his work at a wind farm. His wife called the police after he had not come that night. They quickly matched her story with a shocking discovery found at a farm.   
    
    One of the farmhands noticed that the pigs were chewing on something with gusto, and he nearly fainted when he found a chewed up skull, with flesh hanging off of it.  
    
    I suppose it should have bothered me, but after 17 years of being a necromancer, I found that almost no gore could upset me.  
    
    I pulled a vial of necromancer’s spice out of my satchel, sprinkling it in a circle around the corpse. I stepped inside the circle of the spice, inhaling the scent of arcane mixture, and I began to chant.  
    
    Many of my colleagues tried to dramatize the summoning, using all forms of arcane potions and chants to add mystery to their art. However, the truth was far more simple that anything they did. All you need a re-summon a spirit was necromancer’s spice, a mixture of several spices and herbs that attracted undead souls.   
    
    Of course, you also need a more important ingredient: The Summoning Spell. Its harsh words struck fear in the hearts of all non-necromancers, and many real necromancers as well. I noticed that Detective Clarks eyes widened in fear as I continued my chant.   
    
    The temperature inside my circle began dropping, although outside of the ring of spice the temperature was unaffected.   
    
    In the third minute of my chant a white mist began to form over the corpse, spinning as it coalesced into a floating image of Mr. Jones, directly over the body. At this point, icicles began forming on the gurney.   
    
    I felt a mental connection beginning to form between me and the spirit, and I let loose an involuntary shiver.  
    
    The bones of the cadaver moved into alignment, and in the fifth minute, the white specter descended into the body.  
    
    I ended the chant with a sense of finality, and for a moment, nothing happened.   
      
    
    
    Then He sat up.   
    I heard Detective Clarks let out a gasp. I ignored her, and I spoke loudly and calmly. “Spirit, is the individual who killed you present in that room?” I pointed into the interrogation room opposite the mirror.  
     
    A voice, which seemingly came from nowhere and everywhere at once rang out: “Yes.”  
    
    “Please point to the murderer.”  
    
    The cadaver raised a single bony hand and pointed to one of the people in the room through the mirror. I met Clarks’ eyes and nodded. She left the room and walked into the interrogation room. She went to the suspect and grabbed him by his handcuffed arm. As soon as she led him in, the body on the gurney began thrashing and writhing. The suspect looked at the body in horror and he screamed in terror.   
      
    The body began to float off of the gurney in the direction of the suspect. I saw the murderer tense with fear, and he yelled “Don’t let him get me!!”  
    “You have no reason to fear,” I said without a trace of empathy, “The spirit cannot leave the spice-ring.”   
    “Very well,” said Detective Clarks, “we have all the evidence we need”. And she turned him around and marched him out.