Every power has a cost. All of the cooler powers take a lot of energy to use, like creation of fire out of thin air and telekinesis. Once powers like those are used for long enough, there is a natural cooldown before they can be used again. For the cooler powers, this is typically a few hours or so.

Typically, powers develop during puberty and they get "diagnosed" by doctors, similar to diseases. However, unlike diseases, there is no cure prescribed. When I went to the doctor for a regularly scheduled check-up and they decided to do the power test by doing a blood draw. The test returned and I got a rare and what they called a useless power: Manipulation of one individual atom to whatever I please. Since the power works on such a small scale, there is no energy cost and no natural cooldown.

"What's the point of this?" I thought to myself.

For a couple of weeks, I was just thinking of ways to make the useless power useful. Maybe if I got fast enough, because of the no cost and no cooldown, I could manipulate a small object to become a gold nugget or something over a long enough period of time, but one atom is so small that it might take an entire lifetime to turn one bead into gold.

During the latest of these days, I thought about the last part: "whatever I please". That never really implied things that are necessarily real, but as long as I imagine something of the atom it should be possible, right?

I decided to test this theory by taking a blade of grass out of by backyard and willing one of the atoms to become like a virus, being able to "infect" atoms similar to it throughout the blade of grass until it reaches the gas-like air, with the "infection" rate being one atom per nanosecond, until the whole blade of grass is 24k gold.

Thankfully, it actually worked. it seemed like the instant I willed the first atom, the whole blade of grass became gold. Just like that, reality can be whatever I want it to be. I can be the richest person on Earth if I wanted. I have the ultimate bargaining power if I need it. I can turn the stone to bread. I can do whatever I want. All it takes is one atom going my way.