Tristram Meskill, Finest of Dragobar, Hero of Arkrun, Legend of Mayshield, Hero of Legend of Mapleleaf, and Supreme Herbalist, was not having a good time.

He stood, with not an idea what to do next, like they were enemy soldiers that ran away based on his name alone. Just stood! This was the man who pushed into the Dreaded Marshes, felling foul swamp beasts with every stroke of his blade. The man who said no to Death himself when He came to visit, saying that it was not time to rest. The man who managed to walk through a market without falling for the numerous tricks of haggle-hardened vendors, who charged extra for any foreigner, and much more for any person who wore armour as golden as Tristram Meskill.

But here he stood, stalled beyond his utterly enormous self-belief. He stared out into the small barn, barely enough to contain his loads of gold. It was filled with little else but hay and dust, and where the farmer had assured the cat ran into.

Tristram had strolled in with the confidence of a, well, hero. Two hours later—the same time he had used to topple the neighbouring Kejistan that had been taken over by a lich—he was rooted to the same spot.

There were no tracks. There were no obvious clues. Hell, he was surprised there wasn’t a trail of bodies in the cat’s wake, considering its godlike elusiveness.

“I’ve tracked dragons. Demons. Qilins,” Tristram declared, hearing his voice fill the air. “You shall not be my hurdle, you stupid cat!”

The hero dug out his spell book, flipping through the pages with the desperation of a man trying to find an antidote to a recently ingested poison.

“Locate creature. This has to be it.”

Tristram thought hard, trying to remember the description Father Cord had given him.

“‘Nibbles ‘twas a cat,” he had said. “Four legs. Two eyes. Whiskers. Black. Maybe grey. Or something closer to orange.”

“By the gods,” Tristram whispered. “He was absolutely no help at all.”

The hero tried casting the spell anyway. Not even a response.

“Wish,” the Hero said, finger hovering over the incantation. He hesitated. This spell was to be saved for the most dire of circumstances. Tristram didn’t even use it when he was trapped in the ninth layer of hell, facing down Baphomet himself.

“I will not have my quest completion rate tarnished by this stupid cat,” Tristram muttered. He cast the spell, feeling a part of himself consumed by the ritual. Divine white light surged from within him, coating every bit of his body, before coaslecing into an impossible star in his index finger. He pointed to the ground, wishing with all his might.

“Nibbles!” he screamed. “Come forth from your hiding place!”

Nibbles strolled out from a box that was about two feet away from him, plopping itself down in front of the Hero. Nibbles, a distinctly white cat with grey patches, started grooming, licking its arms.

“Finally,” Tristram said, grasping his chest, heaving a little. He moved towards the cat.

Nibbles sidled away, seemingly at the speed of light. Tristram took another step.

“Come here, you…”

The cat, with the playfulness of a cosmic eldritch entity, spat out its tongue, again out of reach of Tristram’s grasping fingers.

The hero sighed, longer and harder than when he was forced to choose between the legendary sword Excalibur, or the mythical spear Gáe Bolg.

“Nibbles…” Tristram dropped to his knees. “Please. Please come here. Please. I just want to complete this quest.”

The cat regarded the hero with a side eye. Gingerly, one paw after the other, it stepped towards Tristram, and plopped itself down.

“Good kitty,” the hero reached out a hand. “Good—”

Nibbles bolted away, trapped lightning released from a bottle.

Tristram laughed. He buckled over his knees, holding his stomach, feeling the tears run down his cheeks.

“I should just burn this barn down,” Tristram smiled.

---

r/dexdrafts