
Thomas held out a steady gloved hand to Victoria as she exited the carriage to Wilkins Casket Company. "Such a shame if we were to lose this one, Thomas. I've never slept through whole days before." 

"Yes, my darling. Men of his craft are difficult to find." 

She gave him a glance. "If he accepts, we should not hesitate." 

"No time to second guess." Thomas opened the rosen stained glass door for Victoria to enter. She glided into the foyer, removing her purple feathered hat to admire the low hanging chandelier, making sure to quickly pass by the mirror to her left. 

Meanwhile, Thomas knocked on the double door to the office of Sir Gregory Wilkins. "Come in!" A voice responded. 

Wilkins stood slowly, relying heavily on his cane. "Thomas, how are you this evening? Here to check up on the progress of your order, hm?" 

"Indeed," Thomas mentioned for Victoria to step forward. "We prefer to be prepared. Victoria's aunt's condition has not improved." 

"There is no need to worry, I have been slaving over the finishing touches all day." Wilkins winced, "Hence the sore knees. Please forgive me," the man replied, lowering himself to his padded chair. "Though," Wilkins folded his hands over his desk. "What was this aunt's name again, for my old mind to ensure the engraving is pristine." 

Victoria glanced nervously at Thomas. "Ah, yes. M- Marline Davis. M-A-R-L-" 

"You know, I did some digging," Wilkins paused to chuckle at his joke, "So to speak... and this Aunt Marline of yours passed 43 years ago." Thomas straightened. Victoria's mouth hung open as to respond. 

"I had my suspicious. I mean, two family deaths soon after you moved into town." 

"We can offer you immortality," Victoria blurted. "You provide cushion like no other. And no light bleeding, we don't even need to close the curtains-" Thomas cut her off. 

"Your craftsmanship is superb. Preservation is clearly a top priority. In fact, we came here today to present to you the offer of immortality in exchange for comfort coffins and, of course, plenty of compensation." 

Slowly opening his right hand desk drawer, Gregory Wilkins grabbed a straight razor and hobbled across the squeeking floors towards the couple. 

Thomas held up his hands in surrender. "Sir Wilkins, we do not require a bloodletting in exchange for our offer. Your services have been and will be quite enough-" 

Gregory held up the razor between two fingers and continued past them to the mirror across the hall. Wilkins looked past his reflection to witness clothed invisible figures. With a gasp, Victoria quickly covered her feathered hat over her face. Thomas stood straight as an arrow. 

Wilkins pulled a towel from deep within his trouser pocket. He lent his cane against the wall, inhaling sharply as he straightened his back. "Now, now," his voice sounding more lively. Wilkins carefully took the razor to his cheek, peeling away layers of thick costume make up. Beneath the disguise was mirrored invisibility. 

"My heavens," Victoria threw her hat into the air. Bewildered, both of them. "The whole time?" 

Wilkins removed the entirety of his mask, revealing a middle aged man. He chuckled under his breath, "Gets them every time." 

Wilkins walked briskly over to Thomas and Victoria, "You two never stopped to question why a casket was built with such comfort in mind?" The glanced at each other, trying to find words. 

"Alister Wilkins Tannen, at your service. Now, shall we conclude our business here today."