   At last, it was Caleb's turn to attend the annual Galactic Fair. Every year, at the Galactic Space Station, all different species would gather together. It was a chance to socialize, learn about new races, try new cuisine, and bring home souvenirs. It was also an opportunity for planets to make alliances, trades, and treaties. Caleb didn't care much for the work stuff as much as he cared for meeting new species. Every year, a new batch of aliens would arrive, and he wanted to meet them all.


   Caleb had explored a bit of the fair and was in the middle of trying a hotdog from the planet Aeneas when his captain approached. Hara broke off her conversation with another alien and turned to him, "I have a job for you,"


   Caleb resisted the urge to groan and threw away the rest of his hotdog, "Yes ma'am," He said, his words muffled by the food still in his mouth.


   Hara reached behind Caleb and grabbed him a napkin, "There's a new species that we're trying to trade with. Their planet has a lot of resources that are valuable to us. I need you to make a good impression and give their captain a tour of the fair,"


 "Shouldn't be too hard," Caleb said as he finished wiping his mouth.


 "Great. Don't skrew this up," Hara glanced behind her, "They're right over there. I'll introduce you two, then you can take it from there."


   Hara led the way over to a group of aliens still wearing their space suits. Immediately, Caleb wished he hadn't been chosen for this job. They looked intimidating. Their suits were all black and their helmets looked like a plague doctor's mask. The glass over their eyes had a strong glare that made it impossible to see their faces. As he approached, they all stopped talking and stared at him. Maybe they could smell his fear.


   Hara approached an alien with an array of badges pinned to their suit, "Nyx, this is Caleb from Earth. He will be showing you around the fair," Hara turned to Caleb, "This is Nyx from Hecate. I hope you two get along,"


   Nyx reached out of hand, causing Caleb to flinch. Sharp claws hid under her glove. Hesitantly, Caleb shook her hand. With that, Hara left to converse with the rest of the group. Caleb anxiously stared at Nyx for what seemed like a very long time. Nyx returned his gaze; not being able to see her expression made him even more nervous. Finally, she reached up to remove her helmet.


   Caleb was expecting to see something equally as intimidating as the suit Nyx was wearing; maybe even more intimidating. His heart raced as she lifted the helmet off her head. What would she look like? Would she have scaly skin? Would she have *any* skin? The possibilities were endless. Maybe she'd have a thousand eyes, like some sort of horrific spider-


   A dog. She looked like a dog. A humanoid dog. Caleb released a sigh of relief. She looked like the King Charles Spaniel he had when he was a kid. And now that he was looking at her, he realized that she was *adorable*.


 "It's nice to meet you," She said in her high pitched voice. Her large ears were so floppy, and they looked so soft- he wanted to pet them. Her eyes were so kind, "Your name's Caleb, right?" What captivated all of Caleb's attention was her snout, "...Hello?" It was so perfect. He itched to boop it. His view of the snoot was obstructed by Nyx's paw, which she waved in his face, "Are you okay?"


 "Hm? Oh, yes! Hi. Hello," He hadn't noticed that he was staring. Okay. Just don't look at the snoot. Not too hard to do.


   She snapped her fingers in front of his face, "Are you there?" Crap, he was staring at the snoot again, "Is there something on my face?"


 "What? Yes. Wait, no. It's nothing," He chuckled nervously. How was he going to get through this?


 "Are all humans like this?"


 "Umm, nope. Just me. I'm different-" Caleb wanted to smack himself in the face.


   Nyx giggled, "You're funny. Anyways, where should we start?" She glanced around, and Caleb took a quick glance at the snout. Look at it, it was so perfect.


   He tore his eyes away from it, "Over here is good," He said, leading them to Earth's booth.


 "Oh, yay!" She said excitedly, bouncing as she walked. Her floofy ears jumped up and down, "I've been wanting to learn more about Earth. You know, your planet is very rocky,"


 "It's not even the rockiest plant," Caleb said as he feigned interest in a pamphlet, really just trying to keep his eyes away from Nyx's snout. He glanced at her at saw that her nose was twitching.


 "What is that smell?" She asked.


 "Food. Um," Caleb struggled to look away from her perfect snoot, but he finally managed to, "It's over here," They walked over to a booth selling burgers.


 "They smell delightful!" Nyx said, pulling out some money. The currency at the Galactic Fair was a small coin that looked like it was made of obsidian. Nyx bought a burger and bit into it, "Mmm! What's in this?" She asked.


 "Beef, bread, lettuce, tomatoes-"


 "What are you doing?" Nyx asked slowly.


   Confused, Caleb looked at her and saw that something was touching her snout. His hand. He was booping the snoot, "I'm so sorry," He said, though he continued to boop the snoot, "I'm not trying to do this, I swear,"


 "Is this some kind of... human custom?"


 "Uhm- sure,"