The genie smiled. "A well thought out wish. Unfortunately, I am forced back into the void after your death, but I think that this is enough time. I will, from now on, assist humanity in achieving its goals in a good way. Starting with you."

"Good to hear this from you. My desire is to become stronger, so I can use this power to help others." the paladin stated.

"See, " the genie explained, "I have an idea, that will fix even more than that." The genie snapped, and white fog surrounded the paladin. As the fog lifted, the paladin was gone. Instead, a white horse stood on the floor, looking at the genie in confusion.

"WHAT ON EARTH? WHY? THIS IS NOT WHAT I WISHED FOR!" the horse yelled in perfect human language.

The genie laughs. "Oh, this will help you to achieve your goals. You are now strong and fast. Also, your lactose intolerance isn't a problem anymore. Furthermore, you can help others may better in your new form. Do you even have an idea of how much you can pull now? And regarding the thing with your wife, she surely won't complain about your small pp anymore."

The horse bristled with anger. "But how is this philanthropic if you turn me into a fucking horse? I am no longer human, you idiot!"

"Let's see. " The genie starts to giggle. "You can still talk, your ability to think is not affected. You have a way better view of the sides. Your sense of smell is buffed as well. You can even turn your ears now. Ok, grabbing things is going to get difficult but you can deliver way better kicks with your hoofs. You are a human in a body that better fits your needs. I only see upsides here."

The paladin stood there in his new form, thinking. The genie has tricked him. In his perception, the wish isn't violating the criteria. "Good" is a vague definition. Fuck.

"You thought you could trick me, mortal? Maybe you should have just asked for money." The genie backflipped in celebration.

His wife enters. Her jaw drops as she notices the horse. And even more, as she spots the genie.

"This fucker turned me into a horse!" the paladin exclaimed.

"I wish for you to turn him back to normal" the wife stated. But the genie shook his head.

"Rule 21, the genie can't be used by another person until all 3 wishes are up!"

"Then I wish to cancel my previous wish and have all effects undone!" But the genie shook his head again.

"I am sorry, but canceling this wish or turning you back would strip you from your new abilities and thus be considered bad. It would also prevent good to happen in the future. Therefore this is a violation of the first wish, which added this rule to what I can grant. The first wish is immutable as of that. You fool, careful what you wish for!"

The genie released a laugh so mighty, that it almost broke the window. "But I am not done with my quest. Your wife is next." Again, the genie snapped and fog sprouted.

The wife gasped at her newly grown limbs. "What am I going to do with these tentacles!"

"You always wished for another hand, milady. And look at this, these are flexible and have suckers. And you have 6 of them, assisting you in your daily life. Oh, and did I forget that they regenerate when you cut them off? No more knife accidents!"