It feels odd being so close to death when your so young, yet so far. You could almost touch the veil of the afterlife, but your destiny was never to die so early in life. That was my situation. 

I was in my room again, but I couldn't exactly recall why. The last thing I remember was getting hit by something on my drive home, blacking out in the process. I was on a dirt road about 3 miles out. 

The experience of being in my room wasn't pleasant though. My ears were ringing as loud as police sirens, my body was aching from neck to toe, and as for my head, besides the ringing, I had a god awful migraine in the process of starting up. I was also extremely thirsty, but for some reason, I had no inclination for water. It was for something else, but I couldn't pinpoint what it was exactly that my throat was aching for. My vision was blurry as hell, but at the very least my room had enough distinguishing features for me to know it was such. 

The walls were  a light color of blue, with a nightstand placed on the wall to the left of the window. My desk was also there, right in front of said window, plopped right next to the nightstand. The mirror I had was also present, next to the door on the opposite side of the room, placed where I could open the door and immediately turn around, because I simply preferred it to be that way. My bed was positioned against another wall separate from the one with the window and door, on the same side as the nightstand. And there were three people in the room, but I couldn't make out there facial features. My eyes were still a wreck. 

I was trying to sit-up on my bed, but the extreme protesting of my body made it impossible to maintain the position. I collapsed right back onto my back, defeated. All I could look at now was the ceiling, with a light that I remembered to be a chandelier. But it was turned on. It was still nighttime. I looked over at the window. It was dark. How long was I out for? 

My rustling in the bed must've gotten the three people to notice me, because one of them then was now touching my check. Her voice was feminine, but I couldn't put a finger on where I heard it before. 

"Ah, poor darling, this must be the worst night of your life. It started out so great at the club, but now your in your bed right after a wreck."

"Who the hell are you?" Was all I could muster. 

"Why would that matter to you?" She replied. 

Someone else replied before I could. It was the voice of one of the chicks I was bringing home. Safira was what she introduced herself as. "Well to be fair, your a person who he's probably never met who is now in his room. For all he knows, you could be a stalker, sex offender, or home invader." She chuckled.

"I only have his best intentions at heart!" The woman protested. 

"How the hell is he supposed to know?" Safira replied. She was sounding like someone who had fun at a party right now. 

At this point, the thirst was getting to me. My mouth was now gaping open, and I was trying to say something, but it kept coming out as rough and unintelligible. 

"Well, it seems he's hungry." The third voice was chiming in. That would be Rebecca. Also someone I was taking home tonight. 

"Thirsty is more like it," the mystery woman began, "so I guess I'm going to have to give him something to drink." She was close enough to my face to make out what she was doing. Her wrist came to her mouth, and then a sweet scent filled the air. Something was dripping from her wrist. It was almost impossible for it not to be her blood. She then placed her wrist on my mouth. 

"Drink up, drink it all up. Lets lighten up your skin a bit, shall we?"