You never get used it seeing it.

The chill that runs down your spine, the heavy air that weighs you down, almost like an invisible hand, stroking your soul as it walks past you.

The boy's soul has already been claimed. Marked by the Mariner who will ferry him down to hades where he will await judgement.

No, it isn't the death of this boy that unsettles me, Death is just part of the natural process of life.

It's the glances I get from the mariner every time he passes me. The smirk that would have formed on his mouth if he had flesh. the hollow cavity that would be replaced by a grinning eye if mortality was part of his nature.

"-eep your damn hands off him!!" she cried, "I will NEVER let my son become an mindless ghoul for some sick man's pleasure!"

I lean back in my coach chair with my leg crossed over my knee. I fiddle with my ring on my index finger,

"oh, no. You misunderstand me." I retort, " A passenger is to be ferried to the afterlife, but he does not have any fare for safe passage." 

"It used to be that people paid generously to have their loved ones transported away. But the Mariner is a little more than disappointed with his pay recently."

"What are you talking about?" she asks

"I'm saying." I lean foward "That if the mariner who is to guide your son down the river stynx were to be paid proper fare for his work, he would be most delighted. If he were to be paid more... well. He would have to stop a while to count all the extra coin that he has to return."

"He's not dead, yet." she cries

"-and that is precisely why you should act now. Your son's soul is already marked by the mariner for pick up, and he doesn't like wasting time."

The mother flings her head around the room desparately looking for a volunteer. Her eyes dripping like an overserved cup, her mouth wrinkled with grief and curled open.

"what do I need to do?" she yelps.

"The less than mortal have no interest in metal alloy or sharpened stones. They prefer tributes made of anima."

"Then I will sacrifice my-"

"now, now, the mariner will be insulted if you think that he's a crooked senator with no honor. He will take his ~fair~ share, and make sure that you get back the extra. It is during this time, that your son temporarily stay by your side. The immortals cannot owe an outstanding balance to the living after all." 

(with a few exceptions ofcourse)

"so... how many years? 10, 20? 50?!" She says.

"lets start with... 10. The mariner will decide how much he will take from those 10 years. It could be 1 year, it could be 6. But the extra years will be returned back to you after the marnier is satifised with the amount he's counted."

I lean back in my chair again

"and as for my services, I'm not a greedy man, but I do offer a service that is *very difficult* to obtain."

"I will give you 5 years."

"that's very generous madame, but I will be satisfied in taking ~~tree fiddy~~ 2 years."

I'm getting lazy so I'm going to stop here.