Sebastian sighed. There was no way he could put off going home again, at some point he needed to shower and get some sleep. His nights were rough and his bones and muscles -  which were actually quite impressive, out of necessity rather than anything else.  
  
He took the subway home and looked around. New York was always alive and humming, the subway as ever full of weirdos, some might not only look like the part but actually be weird. Sebastian couldn't really bring himself to care that much.  
  
He was a Vampire hunter by trade, not because he had a sad backstory or something like that, it was just his family tradition and expected of him. He had been trained from earliest childhood how to fight and most important kill the fanged monsters of the night.  
  
When his Uncle passed away a few years ago he had jumped at the opportunity to take over his station in New York. At some point, his family had been rich enough, mainly by plundering the hoards of their victims. But those times had long since passed.  
  
All the revolutions, modern ages had seen to that. Vampires were no longer aristocrats ruling over uneducated subjects. Instead, they sold off their family treasures, abandoned their castles, and had gig jobs during the night. Nobody batted an eye at all the people working day to day self-employed for minimum wages. And since the vampires had no funds left, his families had dried up as well.  
  
Sebastian sighed. He got off the sub and walked to the apartment building. He had thought it a godsend when he had finally found an affordable room. He opened the door and steeled himself when he saw the car keys off Piotr's Cadillac escalade (obviously bought on credit and the main reason he had to rent out the room Sebastian occupied currently.  
  
He tried to walk quietly and peeked into the living room who contained the kitchen. He slumped a bit when he saw Piotr in the large armchair in front of the Tv watching some documentation on one of the nowadays prevalent streaming services they shared like they shared everything in the apartment.  
  
Piotr tried to ignore his roommate looking around the corner, he quietly hoped he would leave him alone. If he would finally win the lottery or something he could get rid of the little pest. But alas, today had not been his lucky day.   
  
Sure he had a good midnight snack when he picked up a few college girls and in between picking them up and dropping them off he had hypnotized them and had. A fill of their life’s juice. He shuddered when he remembered all the chemicals in their blood. Stupid humans. No longer taking care of themselves, but, he mused, it did beat garlic. He remembered when he first started working and had to, unfortunately, pick up some guests from a Greek wedding… He had been sick for a week afterward and almost missed another payment on the stupid car.   
  
That had been the reason he had to pick up a roommate. A few decades or centuries ago he would have just moved in with some rich girl, but those were nowadays all over the so-called media. He had to stay low due to his dietary requirements.  
  
Sebastian's voice interrupted his inner thoughts.   
‘I hope you remembered to switch to your own profile, You always mess up my recommendations!’  
  
Piotr replied ‘Be gone you, foul hunter, my patience is thin tonight!’  
  
‘Ah be gone yourself, if I finally could afford to move out I’d put a stake through you in a heartbeat.’ Sebastian aggressively replied back.  
  
Piotr hissed in response, and Sebastian turned around to the fridge to grab his food. Which was all lying all warm and mushy in the sink. Fuming he turned around but before he could say anything. Piotr laughed meanly and said.  
  
‘I told you to keep clear of my shelf in the fridge. Should not have squished my blood bags together.’ He muttered ‘Those things are expensive…’  
  
Sebastian chucked aggressively the remains of his once-to-be dinner into the garbage bin, not having the nerve for another fight.   
  
He grabbed the phone and called another pizza delivery after a short search.  
  
Piotr's face lit up.   
  
‘Are you ordering in again? Maybe it is not so bad having a roommate ordering in delivery drivers after all…’  
  
Sebastian sighed. There were not many places left he could order from in the area. He really needed to stop Piotr from opening the door all the time.