The term 'elemental' gets thrown around a lot, mostly inaccurately.

I mean, 'fire'?  It's nifty, don't get me wrong, but it's not, like, a fundamental underpinning of reality.  Just something that happens sometimes on a planet that happens to be rich in oxygen.

And don't even get me *started* on 'earth'.

No, those aren't fundamental underpinnings of reality, any more than pizza is.  They are, however, central to something else.

Human understanding, and contextualization, and culture.

Hard as stone, burns like fire, swift as the wind, tranquil as a bubbling brook...human culture takes these and builds our conceptions about the world around them.

It's a primitive system- leads to things like taking thousands of years to formalize the idea of freaking *gravity*\- but, all things considered, it's remarkably functional.  It's exactly what you'd expect from a rising species- cobbled together, imperfect, self-contradictory, frequently idiotic, and *stunningly* efficient, in spite of all that.

Elementals aren't representations of anything fundamental about the physical universe.  They're representations of things fundamental to *human understanding* of the universe.

Hence magic.

Magic is quiet, these days.  It used to be louder- we understood so much less, granting wild power to the elementals we inadvertently conjured.  There used to be battles between gods, mortals plucked from obscurity to achieve great destinies- not because they were fated to, but because that was exactly the sort of thing that people- not wanted- but implicitly *believed* would happen.

Human understanding changed, grew, and evolved.  And our elementals grew along with us.  No more great thunder deities, no more giants of earth and madness wrecking cities.  No, now it's all toast falling with the butter-side down, and finding something you loved in the store that you thought they'd stopped making, and people getting famous for no discernable reason.

Calmer, quieter.  It's not 'magic', no no no!  It's just...*coincidence*.  Thing just happened to go that way, that's all!

Elementals can take all manner of forms.  They draw from our ingrained cultural ideas and assumptions, and make things work.  It's well known that socks just freaking disappear in the dryer.  And it's well known that dragons collect hoards for themselves, and that while they usually prefer gold, unusual dragons that hoard something else can certainly be found.

Hence the adorable little dragon in my laundry room.

It wasn't really inhabiting any particular space- rather, it was in sort of an...in-between-ness.  It seemed perfectly normal, but when you tried to mentally sort out where, exactly, the tiny dragon was, in relation to its immediate surroundings, you just sort of...came up blank.

It was an odd experience.

Still, now I knew.  And, knowing why things were disappearing, I was able to relax a bit.  I wasn't crazy- I just had a little hoarder dragon.  Who made a pretty decent pet, all things considered.  The socks were cheaper than pet food would have been, anyway.