The bell jangled to the old coffin makers shop. It was late and Winston wasn't surprised. He'd been in this game for well over 30 years and he seemed to make a lot of trade after the sun set. Oh sure he had his suspicions about his clientele but they always paid well and on time, "Never turn away a good customer" as his dear departed papa used to say. He'd of course inherited the business from him and somehow inherited a lot of his customers too. 

So when he looked up in the firelight to see Lady Sophia and her young boy Albert, he was not surprised. He tried to keep the thought that young Albert never seemed to age out of his mind, come to think of it Lady Sophia never seemed to age either. It had niggled at his mind for months like a far away siren. He stood uneasily using his cane

"Evenin' your Ladyship and Young Master Albert. What can I do for you this evening?" Winston inquired. 

Lady Sophia smiled, "Master Winston, you have served our family well as did your father before you, and his father before that. You may have your suspicions about our family, and I would like to put those suspicions to rest and make you an offer." Albert was restless while holding his mother's hand. He seemed excited. 

Winston sighed. He was getting in and suspected something like this would happen. His father had warned him about it on his death bed but he'd always assumed it was just ramblings before death took him. "You see, Winston, we are in fact vampires." Winston gave a small chuckle. "You don't seem surprised?" She inquired. 

"No offense meant, your Ladyship, but as you an' the lad only come out after dark, you come down this way with no guards, you have no reflection in that window there, an' then the boy, bless 'im, doesn't seem to grow or age, it seemed quite likely the case."

"Ah," said Lady Sophia quite taken aback. "Well, I'll get right down to it. We've grown quite accustomed to the fine coffins that you have provided us over the past few decades, *stay still Albert!* and we'd like to offer you immortality in exchange for being our exclusive coffin maker. We are aware of unavoidable circumstances that you and your wife never had any children to pass on your trade to and we are concerned as to what would happen should you pass. Of course, this offer is open to your wife as well, she has always been so welcoming and well meaning. The apples pies she made us were always appreciated, but as I'm sure you can gather, we never did eat any of them. *Albert will you please stop squirming!* We would like to help any way we can. Becoming immortal would remove all ailments and bring back your youth." 

Winston thought for a moment. Regaining his youth and getting Margie of that horrible disease that turned his loving wife into a sad, unmoving, shell of her former self? It seemed too good to be true. And that was exactly the problem. 
"I do thank you kindly for your offer, and I am most flattered, but I'm afraid I'll have to decline. I can provide you with the addresses of some of the apprentices I trained over the years and they should be able to help you out." Winston replied sadly. 

Lady Sophia smiled, "Of course. Thank you for your time this evening, *Albert stop it!* I do apologize but the boy has been quite troublesome lately. If you could get those addresses, I would be most appreciative." 

As Winston turned his back to his files to obtain the addresses, Albert sprang out of his mother's grasp and flew at Winston's neck biting down hard. "Albert! Stop that this instant! He refused! We cannot go against his wishes!" Lady Sophia cried while trying to prise her son off Winston's neck. Winston screamed and then stopped abruptly falling to the floor dropping his cane in the process. Albert let go looking quite pleased with himself with part of Winston's shirt collar in his mouth. Lady Sophia turned over Winston's fallen body and sighed. "I'm so sorry about this." Winston got shakily to his feet and lady Sophia handed his cane back to him. He inspected his neck in the mirror. Not a scratch. 

"It's quite alright, your Ladyship, no harm done." 
"What a relief! Please, if there is anything we can do to make up for this idiot boys malevolence..." Lady Sophia started. 
"Oh it's no trouble, your Ladyship," Winston interjected, "I'm guessing vampire children go through teething like non-vampire children, just got to bite something." Albert stood there with the collar piece still in his mouth, growling happily. 
"Yes, sadly they do," lady Sophia sighed as she looked down at her boy who looked up at her proud as punch, cloth still in teeth, "we'll leave you be. If you do change your mind about my offer, please take my card." She slipped a small ornate card ordained with lavish gold writing on his desk and left. She was scolding her boy in the street when Winston locked the door chuckling to himself. "Little scamp," he thought. He stretched his old back and put out the candles. 

He remembered he was supposed to give lady Sophia the addresses for his apprentices. He grabbed a handful from his desk, unlocked his door and tottered out the door waving his cane in the air. "Lady Sophia! Wait! The addresses!" Something hit him and everything went black for a few moments.

He got up feeling very annoyed at the world. That was twice something attacked him in one night. What was this world coming to? As he was getting up he realised his hands, once calloused by the decades of woodworking were now smooth. His cane was still on the floor. His joints no longer ached, and his teeth, well his teeth definitely felt sharper than they ever had. "God dammit!" He exclaimed to the world in general, "I said no!" 

He looked about. Lady Sophia was going to get an earful about this. Except he could see her holding someone by the scruff of their neck and hitting them with her umbrella. "He *whack* said *whack* no! *whack*" Winston walked over slowly to see it was not Albert but was what appeared to be one of the vagabonds that sometimes hid in his alley for warmth. The vagabond ran off, hissing into the night. Lady Sophia looked forlornly at her umbrella, Albert was hiding behind her terrified. 

"Are you alright, your Ladyship?" Winston asked tentatively. Her hair was askew and her umbrella in pieces, her face was drawn into a snarl, yet seemed on the verge of tears. This is not how she wanted this night to go at all. 

"I just need a moment to compose myself," she managed. A few deep breaths later, she seemed back to normal. "My apologies for that outburst," she looked back to her umbrella and sighed, "guess I'll need to get another one." 

Winston cleared his throat. "If it's all the same to you, you Ladyship, I have one back at the flat above my shop. You gifted one to Margie just before her turn an she's never got to use it. Maybe we could all pop in and pay her a kindness, if you get my meaning." 

The three of them walked back to the shop. Winston looked at the stained and bloodied cards in his hand. "Guess they weren't needed after all," he thought as he tossed them into the fireplace before heading upstairs.