&amp;#x200B;

(If you have any criticism, feel free to give it)

“Good evening, Justus,” the cloaked vampire said with a polite smile. He stood at the door expectantly in the rain.

"Ah... Sir Dolion!" Justus yelped. "Please, do come in! You're soaked! Let me get a towel!"

"You're very kind, Justus," Dolion said as Justus rushed away. He took extra care to rub any water or mud beneath his boots onto the rug at the entrance. Then, he looked over at a long table running down the middle of the warmly lit workshop. Justus was working on another highly embroidered coffin. Even as his heartiness faded with age, the man didn't stop working.

"Here you are." Justus handed the Dolion a towel.

"Thank you," Sir Dolion said. He stepped around Justus. "That coffin there reminds me of how much I simply admire your work."

"You flatter me," Justus said. He sat in a seat and offered Dolion the seat beside him, and after a period of silence, he said: "Not to be rude, but... what business do you bring today?"

"My poor great-aunt's health is failing, you see. Some unknown illness."

"It's for her, then? Ah, well, that is unfortunate, a real shame. I'm sure your family is a kind bunch."

"Some of them. My great-aunt was very fond of skulls, bats, and roses. I was hoping you could reflect that in your craftsmanship."

"Huh. You know, that's not all that surprising anymore. It seems most of my customer's friends or relatives - or, on some occasions, they themselves - are fond of similar things."

"Well it makes quite a lot of sense in this case. The town has always suspected that our great-aunt was a vampire. Just a rumor, of course."

"Truly? But what of her remains, then? If she were a vampire, would she not turn to ash?"

"Ah. You're right, Justus. Well... supposing, theoretically, that she was truly a vampire, and my family intended to put her remains in a coffin... would you object?"

"Hm... likely."

"Why, if I may ask?"

"Well, I am a Christian. Vampires are unfortunate, unholy beings. I build coffins to send people comfortably to Heaven. That is what I believe. But, vampires? I'm not sure if they would go to Heaven. I don't know where they would go after death."

"I see. Then, you would pass up the opportunity to become a vampire? The opportunity for immortality and great power?"

"That’s an interesting way to put it. I’m not sure many would describe vampirism in that way. Hmm... yes, I would have to pass. I want to go to Heaven."

Dolion stood up. "Then, I apologize."

"For what?"

"For this." The vampire jumped onto the man, biting into his neck and staring into his soul. Justus kindness and politeness melted away to reveal intense fear, panic, and extreme revelation.

"Ah! Oh my god!"

"We refuse to let you die, Justus." Justus’s consciousness began to fade.