"Listen here, you ungrateful brats!" 

The sentence brought about an almost eerie silence, during which the electricity coming off of Edgar was the only sound to be heard. Despite being on a rampage mere moments before, Dr. Redde instead glared at the group of hecklers who had decided to gather.

"Do you realize just how stupid what you're doing is!? If this man wasn't here to save you, I would have my way! If he didn't put himself in harm's way I was going to cause an earthquake that would flatten this stupid city!" The man growled as he continued to glare at the bystanders, none of which could muster the courage to say anything, "What will you do when he snaps!? What will you do when he decides that you aren't worth saving!? Huh!?"

Dr. Redde rushed forward with a crackle, but Edgar was slightly faster, deflecting the man away. The doctor was using a piece of technology fashioned after Edgar's own powers, using electricity to enhance one's reaction time and bypass the body's normal limits. As soon as Dr. Redde was pushed back he let out a spiteful laugh, flailing his arms as he roared at the crowd.

"See!? Even though you fail to show even the barest minimum of gratitude he saves you! Even though he has never received the smallest fraction of an ounce of praise he defends you!" He was somehow escalating further as he walked over to a car, grabbing the underside and flipping it over with a loud crash, though nobody would have been harmed by it, "How do you think 'villains' are made!? We aren't born like this, we don't wake up one day and realize it's our turn with the evil! We're just like this man! Upstanding citizens that wanted to do our best to help a society that only thanks us by spitting on us and kicking us in the balls!"

Edgar found himself strangely entranced by the rant the doctor was going on, even though he still needed to stop him he found that a lot of what he was saying made a moderate amount of sense. Edgar himself had a few nights before bed regretting sweeping someone out of harm's way, especially when someone sued him for defamation by touching them.

"Doc, please, simmer down." Edgar tried to be as calming as possible, he had tried to talk him down before, but at that moment he was in a strange limbo between reasonable and frantic, "These people have nothing to do with this."

He only barely had enough time to dodge out of the way as Dr. Redde rushed at him, though the doctor made no effort to correct his aim when Edgar dodged. When he took a moment to process, he realized why; the doctor had rushed forward to catch a glass bottle that was on a collision course with Edgar's head. Edgar went pale when he realized that, and looked at the crowd with a combination of disbelief and disgust.

"See?! They don't care, at all! They're just worthless, ungrateful parasites!" Redde flung the bottle to the side as hard as he possibly could, which was staggeringly hard due to the enhanced state he was in. The glass impacted with enough force to violently explode into shards, raining a conveniently barren area with glass, "I don't know about you, but I'm leaving! Killing the lot of you would be almost as disrespectful as you fricking are to him!"

Dr. Redde began to walk away, electricity still crackling along his limbs as the only source of distinguished sound. After a few seconds of dumbfounded deliberation, Edgar began to follow, not sparing even a single glance at the crowd which was only now beginning to find its voice. Once Edgar catches up to the villain, the man speaks in a tone entirely devoid of the anger he had known him to have, filled instead with respect.

"You really are good, truly good. An indomitable spirit and an adamant heart. Fighting you made me feel more alive than I'he felt in years, for once I was a part of a purpose, even if I was on the wrong side." He sighed and leaned against a wall, ducking out of public view when he got the chance, "Is it okay if I ask a favor of you?"

"Well... To be honest, at this point I owe you some slack.  What's your request?" Edgar let out a sigh filled with relief and exasperation. Relief to be away from the hecklers, and exasperation at another 'we aren't so different' speech.

"I'd like to postpone our fight. I clearly overestimated my own physical capabilities, and I think I'm having a heart attack." He chuckles weakly, and collapses to the ground unceremoniously.