[This kind of got extremely out of hand, but I hope it is still close enough to the prompt.]

My name is Delphi, and I am an Oracle. I am known for quick wit, adaptability, and using mixed martial arts in lieu of a physical power. To the public, my gift is foresight. I can see what will happen in key points in the future, up to a certain degree, of course, and I can predict how my enemies will fight. I have few friends but many allies, because I am useful for stopping major disasters. Reporters have a field day trying to find some "romance" in my life, failing every time.

All of that is a lie.

My real name is Neera, and this is not the first time I have written this letter. It will likely not be the last. As it is, no one may ever read this, and it wouldn't be remembered if someone did. Still, there are things worse than death, and...well...I suppose this is the point where more exposition is necessary. Forgive me. No matter how many times I write these things, my writing never gets better.

Anyhow, let's begin.
     
When I was a baby, after just being born, the doctors thought that I was going to die. I arrived early, premature, unable to breathe on my own. My mother said that I didn't even move. Doctors tried everything. Tried to resuscitate, tried to make me breathe, make my lungs work. After months in a ventilator, they unhooked the machine and told my parents to prepare for the worst. But I was apparently a miracle baby, and my mother cried when I took my first  unassisted breath of air.
      
I would later realize that I had died that day. My time of death would have been roughly 3:00 pm, the same time as my birth just months before. My body reacted with a new mutation for survival, a second chance, so to speak. With no consciousness of my own, I learned from a death that had no longer occurred. I figured out how to breathe.
       
The next time I died, I must have been about five...maybe six. I was playing on a summer afternoon, chasing fireflies and having as much fun as possible before I had to come in for supper. My father had been watching me. It was only a moment that he looked away, a mere moment to return the conversational attempts of our elderly neighbor, who was more excited than anyone else to have a tiny pair of feet in the small culdesac. Not many people were having children in the area. The ones who did moved away, finding neighborhoods in better school districts. But my family stayed, complete with the miracle baby.
       
In that one moment, I was gone. Chasing fireflies was my only focus, and I didn't see the short gully near the mouth of the woods. I fell down hard, hit my head so that everything I heard was shrill. Blood pulsing, skin burning, everything black.
       
I did not cry when it happened. I was only crying when I woke up the same morning, scared and hurting from an imaginary pain. My mother and father rushed to console me. It had been a bad dream, they said. I was safe, in my room, and they would not let me get hurt. My father did not stop to talk with the neighbor that day. He answered her briefly so that he could keep his eyes on me, worried after how real my pain had seemed. He could have talked if he wanted. I stayed far away from the forest edge.
       
When I turned thirteen, I was allowed to go out with my friends. By this time, we had moved closer to the city, so close that the grocery store and one of the popular restaurants were in walking distance. We weren't supposed to stay out too late. But my friend, Annie, had convinced the two of us, myself and Shannon, to get icecream before heading home. A bit of controlled mischief for an important birthday.
       
There was a line. It was summer again, and the city did not sleep like the culdesac did. Plenty of people stood in front of us, so it took a lot longer than we had anticipated. We eventually got our icecream and sat on a curb beside a skate park. Few people were there, and so we were left alone. We finished the cold treats, realized how late it was, and immediately set about taking a shortcut home. The whole way, I remember trying to devise excuses that would lessen any punishments. It didn't matter though. We never made it back.
       
A group of men blocked our path. I don't remember how many. It could have been three. It could have been five. Either way, it was easy to overpower us when we caught on and tried to run.
       
I wasn't the first one to die that night. It would have been so much easier if I were. I wasn't the last either, but I had seen enough damage to stick with me every lifetime. Annie was such a strong-willed person. She always had a comeback, and she was never afraid. She never cried. I watched her cry for the first time, saw how pleading she was with her eyes, and I couldn't help her. I vomited into the blood pooling near where my face was smashed in the concrete. I was not last, but Shannon would luckily never have to remember that she was.
       
I decided that we shouldn't get icecream that day, convincing them that my parents would probably have some at the house. I was right. They were waiting for us with a surprise party, complete with tents in the pitiful excuse for a backyard and my special present, a telescope. They hadn't told my friends because they were terrible at keeping secrets. We laughed and sang and did all the usual things depicted in slumber parties. When everyone else had gone to sleep, I was looking up at the stars. Scorpius, Hercules, Delphinus... They twinkled like fireflies. It was at this point that I discovered I could not actually die.
       
I didn't really know what to do with that information. I was young and scared and traumatized. As selfish as it was, I was so upset that I was the only one who remembered. I had to deal with something that never happened all on my own.
       
I tried to convince my parents. Tried to prove it to them. It didn't matter. By the time I woke up, stirred from a trance in front of my father's safe, they didn't recall anything that had happened. They put me in therapy. I learned not to say anything that was really affecting me. People didn't want to help. They just wanted you to be less visible with your suffering. So I made sure I would never start therapy to begin with.

[Continued below]