"It's not just about quantity, you know?" the man in the corner said as he stared into his drink. "Some people think that with enough shots, one of them is bound to be perfect but that's just... poor craftsmanship," he sighed.

His two drinking buddies - a man in a vest and an older gentleman with spectacles nodded in agreement.

"Patience certainly plays a role in my experience," the man in the vest continued. "Can't rush perfection and really the end result will always be worth it if you take your time."

"Not to mention cleanliness," the older gentleman started. "If you rush, there're always things to clean up around the sides, you know - bits that you didn't want there. A bother."

A moment of silence passed as the three pondered this matter of professionalism.

"Say," the man in the vest broke the silence, "how much *do* you value volume, however? You can't just spend eternity for that one perfect shot - you have to move on to the next at some point."

"True..." the man said as he adjusted his spectacles, "the rush of 'the next one' is perhaps more intoxicating than the current, perfect one. But don't, shall we say, *rush the rush*. Bad for you."

"Personally," the man in the corner said, "I don't dwell too much on it. Getting the perfect shot is a transcendent experience but it doesn't last that long. And who knows - perhaps the next one will be even *more perfect*."

"What about glass?" the man in spectacles asked. "Pardon my English if 'glass' is not the right word, but what do you prefer?"

"Magnification over clarity," the man in the corner said resolutely. "I need to know exactly how clean the shot is, any time of the day."

"I'd actually go with clarity," the man in the vest said. "See the whole shot at once. Good for a perspective of what you're getting."

"Surprised neither of you mentioned sun reflection," the man with spectacles tilted his head. "The sun reflecting off of your glass can make or break your shot. Truly."

The three men smiled as they considered their professions.

An assassin. A bartender with too much love for spirit. A photographer.

An amicable misunderstanding. They all agreed on one thing, however.

The perfect shot is a *work of art.*