Part Two 

 
*CRASH* “Puppeteer you’re one DEAD motherfucker”
The weak whispered among themselves “What’s Flame Drop doing” “doesn’t he have a code to not kill or harm excessively” while all this is happening The Puppeteer giggled and said “It’s been fun playing with you Flame Drop” this just infuriated Flame Drop even more while watching this I realized that The Puppeteer was just trying to break Flame Drop and if he had to die to do so he was fine with that, I also realized that this was happening 50 feet from my window across the street, with I sight I stood up and walk over to the two of them and saw Flame Drop seconds away from killing The Puppeteer, so I just walked in the middle of them, and I was quite annoyed because they stopped playing my favorite show to talk about this fight and when I get angry or annoyed Demon’s Presence get stronger, so as soon as Flame Drop saw me his flame flickered and disappeared, I stood between glaring at Flame drop and then said “You know he wants you to kill him so you’ll be broken and because of that he’ll be the one to truly win in the end, and the fact you didn’t realize that REALLY ANNOYS ME!” And with that said I grabbed The Puppeteer and dragged him away, completely crestfallen, to prison.

After that event Flame Drop came out to the public and told everyone what The Left Horn had done for him and told them he regards The Left Horn as the bravest man, no hero he’s ever met, and the public has no idea what to do with this information because they had feared The Left Horn their whole lives, no his whole life, they shunned him, hated him, feared him but now Flame Drop is calling him a hero.

TWO WEEKS LATER

*Buzzz* *Buzzz*  The Left Horn was extremely confused because he only had a phone to watch shows and videos and no one knew his number but he answered it anyways “Hello is this The Left Horn AKA The Devil.” “Uhhh ya who is this.” “This is the NSHA.”“Sorry the what?” He could hear fear creeping into the girls voice now “T-t-the national superhero association.” The Left Horn responded gently to try to calm her down “Oh sorry about that Miss I didn’t know.” the girl calmed down a little “It’s fine Mr.Left Horn, but we called to ask if you wanted to become apart of The NSHA.” there was complete silence on both ends till The Left Horn said “Nah I’m good saving people isn’t really my thing.” And hung up. 

The NSHA called Left Horn many more times that day but his response was the same each time “No thanks I put fear in peoples’ hearts not hope” 


End Of Part Two 

(I might do I part three not sure though)