“Next time you burn down a village, make sure you do not leave any orphans alive to tell the tale” I seethed. I herd gasps all around me as I gently picked up the plate. All King Darius could do was stare at me with those thunderous eyes. The eyes of a monster who would burn children in their beds and smile while they screamed. I remembered my brothers surrounded by flame and smoke. The arrows strapped to my back made their way into my bow. As if in trance I pierced two arrows in their closed eyes. Before they could see they were surrounded by flames. Before they could see their traitorous brother’s guilty expression. “GUARDS!” He screamed, in a shrill voice that roused me from my thoughts. His men surrounded me and pushed me to my knees before the ruler of the eight kingdoms. I was utterly unimpressed. “You dare enter my home and challenge your King, you are a traitor to your nation.” The King said. There was that silly little word again. Traitor. 

“The truth of the matter is, you are weak and a greater King would have discovered me months ago” I said rising to my full height before the old man. His crown sat crooked on his head surrounded by wild grey hair. It seemed to be growing around the crown like vines, unwilling to let go of his power. 
“You slaughter innocents, violate your subjects, and murdered your own children to remain on the thrown” I shouted
The room went deathly silent. The nobles were still, some even looked excited. Like the prospect of my impending doom was entertaining. I scowled at them. 
“kill him.” He commanded. 
“No allow me” I said, bowing at the waist. 
The guards stepped back while one pulled out his sword and instead of slicing through skin, he handed it to me by the hilt. I smiled so widely I thought I broke a couple teeth. There was more obnoxious gasping while the king stood on shaky legs. All the guards in the room unsheathed their weapons and aimed them at the king icy heart. He would pay for his crimes with his life. He is, after all wearing my crown.