Aether. The founding point of our world.

Long ago, a divide in humanity was discovered. There were many deaf to the flow of aether, who felt nothing standing on the scars of our world. Those were the people known as humans. But there was another group, who could hear the song of creation, and feel their hearts ache when they felt the leylines that the scars of creation harbored. These were magicians. For a long time, we thought there were only the two groups. 

But our founder, the first Merlin who made the realm of Magicka using a sigil beyond our comprehension, proposed a third possible outcome. Two half humans, both in tune with the flow of aether, had the chance to produce something... Unexpected. Something that could bring untold ruin to both worlds if left unchecked.

That baby was born 15 years ago. He fell right out of the pocket dimension he was born in, and his parents decided to raise him in a nearby human settlement to avoid him falling out again. But, try as they might to get him to cast spells, he could not seem to get the hang of it. So, they raised him as any magician would raise an aether-deaf child. With the same love and care, if not more than usual. But something changed on his fifteenth birthday.

The town had a sweeping crop failure a few days prior, their crops shriveling almost as if they had been burned. However, there was no fire present anywhere near the fields. His parents recognized the symptoms immediately. An aether drought, and a really bad one. When they tried to cast a spell to revitalize the crops, their energy was siphoned elsewhere. Right to their son, who was clueless to the whole ordeal.

The father returned to Magicka to consult the records of the original Merlin, to see what had been said about this phenomenon. The current Merlin, a man named Gorias, had his interest piqued by the thought of a child like the original Merlin described existing. So, he agreed to accompany the father, with promises that he'd fix everything.

Little did we know what his true plans were.

He kidnapped the boy, locked himself in his quarters with the strongest sigil he could make. We heard screams of anguish for days, then nothing. Then, we started to feel the aether draining from the far corners of the universe.

He's doomed us, he's utterly doomed us.