“You know how to use that thing or you just carry it around for show?” A bartender asked the man that just sat on the stool across from him at the bar. The man was in his early forties, with an unkempt beard that looked like one of those fake beards they use in theaters.

“Of course, I know how to use it, I earn my living with it! Can I get a soda please?” The man answered looking down at an object he held in his hand.

The bartender nodded, and within a few seconds the soda was ready, he served it to his customer along with a comment that was free of charge “It’s a dangerous line of work you’re in, it seems.”

“What do you know about danger old man?” The question slipped from under the soda-drenched lips.

“This is a dangerous neighborhood, I grew up around here. You carry that thing around and the moment you start shooting the neighborhood will start shooting back. Cameras they have don’t need film in order to shoot, if you get what I mean.” Polishing the glass, the gentleman behind the bar answered.

“You like photography…” the man said and glanced over the bartender’s employee card then added, “…Hunter?”

“As a matter of fact I do, a personal hobby of mine.” Hunter answered, then countered with a question.

“How about you? Do you find that you enjoy photography yourself… sorry I didn’t catch your name?”

“It’s Mike.”

“So Mike, is this something you do out of passion or because you got bills to pay?”

“I’ve always been passionate about being able to afford food, that’s why I’m doing it. I guess you could say there is some passion involved. Tell me, something Hunter, what was the most perfect shot you ever took?”

“Oh, it was a few years back at the lake, on a blooming spring day. Not far from the bench I was sitting on a white dove had landed. I managed to get so close I could almost see its pupils. To this day it is a shot I’m most proud of.”

“The best… \*hick\* shot is a \*hick\* free shot!” A loud voice came from behind them. It was a regular Jackie Bufalino, enforcer of the local mob, he hasn’t been sober for a week.

“Hunter pour \*hick\* one for me, yourself, and my new friend here!” Jackie said and tapped Mike on the shoulder, as he tried to focus what was left of his eyesight onto the bartender.

“Now wait a minute, you’re \*hick\* not Hunter. Are you new around ‘ere?” Jackie asked.

“Oh I am a new one around here Bufalino, but not for long.” The bartender said as he pulled out a silenced berretta from behind his back and pointed it at Jackie’s forehead.

“Don D’Elia sends his regards.”

A loud bang echoed through the room, of all three men present, one remained standing.

With a blank look on his face, Jackie stared at the ceiling while the bartender collapsed to the ground with a crimson stain on his chest.

Mike got up from his chair and walked behind the bar.

“You’ve become real sloppy, Mr. D’Elia wanted you to know that. Consider yourself fired!”

Mike said just before confirming his kill with one more shot straight to the head.