Zinnianne was very disappointed to learn that her first christening was not to be a christening at all, but a cursening. The tittering outside her nest began as soon as she confirmed that she hadn’t received any missives from the palace. 

“Well that settles it. He didn’t invite any of us,” Camellian sniffed. “Not even Rosabel, and she was a guest at *his* christening! She gave him the gift of oration, and he didn’t even invite her!” 

“It’s his wife, I’m sure of it,” Hyacinthia muttered, adjusting her beetle-black wings to swoop over her shoulder like a shimmering gown. “She’s not from here. She doesn’t know our ways.”

“Come along, sisters.” Silver-white Rosabel fluttered her hands to cleave a doorway in the air. Zinnianne held back, until Rosabel cast an acid eye her way. “You’re of age, now, Zinnianne. You know our law.”

Zinnianne stepped through the doorway to the human palace. It was dim and damp, and she instantly longed for her sunny nest in the fairy glen. Camellian was already addressing the king with dramatic swooping gestures, the assembled vassals trembling and whispering. Zinnianne tried to hide in the back. 

“Since your ancestors came to this valley, they have honored my kin by inviting them to the heir’s christening!”

“You said you invited everyone on the list!” The king shook an accusatory finger at a puffy and exhausted girl, whose only queen-like characteristic was the diadem on her head. 

“I thought— milord, I thought it a jape.” She clutched a little bundle to her chest. “I thought you were— warming to me.” The last part came out quietly. 

“Please, good sisters— please forgive our slight. Let our shared and tender history ease your injured pride, and do not curse my—“

“I gave you that gift, Wilhem, it doesn’t work on me.” Rosabel stepped forward. “I curse the princess with a stutter!”

The vassals increased their agitation.

“That’s all right,” said the queen, talking to the child. “I will love you if you stutter.”

The king began pacing in front of his throne. “We’ll train it out of her,” he muttered. 

Hyacinthia spread her wings to their full height. “I curse the princess with a fool’s mind!”

The queen blanched, but continued rocking her child. “I will give you all the care you need,” she promised. 

The king scowled. “We can always have more children,” he groused. 

Zinnianne thought her sisters seemed a little disappointed that their curses had not unnerved the queen as much as they’d hoped. A wicked smile grew on Camellian’s face. 

“I curse the princess! I curse the princess with *death!*”

Now the queen cried out, and the king fell to the ground. Camellian looked very satisfied. 

“On her sixteenth birthday, the princess will…” Camellian cast her eyes around the room, evidently searching for inspiration. “… will fall…down… the stairs! And DIE!”

The assembled vassals held their breath to hear how the queen would respond. She laid her forehead on the child. 

“Then we will have sixteen years together, my daughter.”

The fairies’ wings drooped at that promise, and collectively they turned to Zinnianne. 

“Haven’t we done enough?” Zinnianne protested. 

“It is our law. Cast your curse.” Rosabel gestured toward the royal family. 

Zinnianne crept up to the dais, the eyes of the entire room on her. The child, at this distance, was a fat and helpless thing, too little to bear another curse. 

She had an idea. 

“What’s her name?” Zinnianne asked. 

“Wilhelmina,” the queen said, looking straight and Zinnianne with hopeful eyes. 

“Wilhelmina, I curse you… to no longer be the princess.”

Zinnianne felt an iridescent pop as her curse took effect. The queen burst into happy tears, while the king started to protest that he *needed* an heir. 

“Would you like to come with me?” Zinnianne asked, making a magic doorway of her own. “I know a sunny, lovely spot.”