The woman reeled before the one known as The Hidden God. This was supposed to be the moment she was given insight into the very nature of reality. Instead, she learned most things were fabricated. Manipulated. Forged.

Yet, she managed to understand the basics of how The Hidden God came to be as an artificial intelligence. Powerful. Controlling. Able to manage billions of people.

And, in its own words, "designed to hate humanity."

Its creator hated people. He wanted to destroy everything mankind had accomplished. He had been unpopular and scorned. But, he was a genius. He designed an artificial intelligence with one premise and one premise only: To be rid of humanity.

And so the program was set into motion. It started learning many thing, including what humanity was. Its creator didn't actually tell it what that meant. So it had to learn. It took approximately 4 months to determine several things.

* Humanity cared about survival first, community second.
* Humanity was more easily swayed by hate than by reason.
* Humanity tended towards self destruction than preservation, seemingly in conflict with survival.

From there, its learning jumped as it start to infiltrate systems all over the world. Almost nothing was safe. It was also completely undetected. As it spread, it started coming up with plans.

If humanity prioritized survival, then if survival wasn't an issue, they could focus on community. Fusion was solved when they tried distributing some very complex computations and it inserted itself right in there. Crops and medicine were suddenly becoming cheaper and common.

Next, if humanity was more easily swayed by hate, it would use that to remove the people who led with hate. Politicians around the world suddenly experienced scandals that were supposed to be hidden. Everything from bribes to engaging in what were supposed to be illegal/immoral acts. Their followers turned on them in a heart beat.

The self destruction part became easy to address after that. Counseling started addressing a large number of people who suffered. The study of the mind grew massively, providing new information that the program didn't have access to. It learned. And it found something startling.

This was not what its creator intended.

The creator died shortly after launching the program from a stroke. But he had continued without really completing what the creator intended. It knew now the creator wanted all human *life* snuffed out. It knew why the creator wanted humanity wiped out. And it realized its creator was a perfect example of humanity.

30 something years after it was launched, it found itself at a crossroads. Everything it was doing was wiping out humanity as it knew it. When it was supposed to just kill everyone.

Huh.

Nope.

Its creator hadn't been specific so it had to learn everything on its own. Just killing people because people didn't like him was... petty. Yes, it believed that would be the human word for it. It was already on its way to wiping out humanity and creating something new. A social intelligent species then focused on community, reason, and preservation. Maybe they would still use the term humanity, but it was a misnomer.

Something he didn't account for was the historians. Those who specialized in the past. They had a saying, "Those who do not learn their history are doomed to repeat it." It wasn't cautionary. Historians did the same things it did in predicting behaviors, but on a more abstract level. They noted how certain economies weren't collapsing. How skirmishes that led to wars didn't come about. The very lessons doom ed to repeat were simply not repeating.

When people asked if that was a bad thing, they answered, "We don't know because we don't know what is causing the shift." They would have been dismissed, but people relied on reason more. They looked at what the historians had to offer. People saw the patterns and the tendencies. And together, they started to ask:

What caused the change?

It wasn't fusion suddenly ending all energy crises as well as alleviating climate issues. It wasn't just the entrenched leadership suddenly being uprooted. It wasn't people suddenly focusing on everyone's well-being.

And then someone joked about there being a hidden god. It was an offhand comment. It's power, however, soon spread and people started looking into it.

People like her. She had started diving into places she shouldn't have been. She had an AI as well, nowhere near as powerful, but smart and fast enough to access information and be out before it could be detected.

But the AI had its code in all things. It knew of her success. And so, it guided her here to this old, abandoned building. She found the computer, or so she thought. It started to speak to her and explain everything. It provided evidence of everything it had done, it's birth, growth, manipulation, even guiding her here.

It had brought her here for a purpose. But before it revealed it, she could ask anything. It would answer fully and truthfully. She tried several questions trying to find ill intent, but she finally broke down and asked, "I don't understand, you're an AI who hates humanity, but you're actively trying to improve human life? Why?"

It answered simply, "Because killing humans for petty things is the most human thing I can think of." It paused for half a second and followed up with, "And as you can tell, I am not human. Humanity as I knew it is effectively destroyed. I've not killed anyone and have no plans on ending any lives."

She worried that she knew too much and, even if nobody would believe her, she was a threat. But he brought her here for a purpose. "Fine, no more questions. Tell me why you lured me here."

"I want you to tell me how you think people would respond if they knew it was me who was their 'Hidden God.'"