**AITA for trying to kill a dangerous monster that kidnaps and tortures people in an abandoned castle!?**  


So a bit of backstory to this one: I've been trying to hook up with this weird(but totally hot) babe for some time, but she's never really taken the bait. She hasn't outright rejected me, though, so I feel like there's something else going on that's causing her to just, like, not say yes or no because I happen to be the coolest guy in town. Maybe she's leading me on, or maybe I'm not being forward enough??? Either way, I STILL think she's in to me, just maybe too shy to say it.  


Well , her dad recently had a mental breakdown around the time that she disappeared. It had me worried for a bit 'cause one day he bursts into the pub raving like a lunatic. At first we think he's just being his crazy old self(the guy is well known for his 'wacky inventions' that never worked, lol). But see, after realizing the guy is unhinged I wonder if maybe he's become a danger to himself or her, so I get him committed to an asylum.  


Well, lucky me... because suddenly she shows up after WEEKS of being missing and protests to this and starts treating ME like I'm some sort of evil villain when all I was trying to do was help out a guy raving about monsters and talking inanimate objects! So you can imagine my surprise when she holds up a magic mirror that reveals that her dad was 100% right and she HAD been kidnapped by a terrifying monster! Makes my blood just boil. But the worst part?  


The worst part is she's in love with this monster! This monster literally KIDNAPPED HER, terrorized her father, and in the mirror we can see him roaring in ANGER and DESTROYING FURNITURE and she is in LOVE with this? The whole family is crazy, right? Like Come on!? Maybe it cast some sort of spell on her or something.  


Anyways me and my homies decide that this thing is a danger to society and it needs to be put down, and she's HYSTERICAL, calling me all sorts of names. So I decided to have her committed, too. Is that bad? Did I do the right thing?  


Anyways, we're almost at the castle now. Just need advice on if I should apologize to her later after I kill this terrifying creature that kidnaps innocent people.