"And you're sure they won't be any trouble?" the man said to his friend as they stood in the forest and looked at the small hut before them.

"Nah," his friend assured him. "Just an old lumberjack and his family. We run in, smack the old guy around a bit and before you know it, we're spending the next month at the Lucky Tab's drinking the best spirit they have."

"How do you even know he's got money?" his partner asked.

"Overheard a merchant who supplies him. He said this guy's his best client, always pays well, never haggles. He said he's the most peaceful man he's ever met. To me, that just sounds like easy money. You ready?"

The man brandished his dagger, the moonlight reflecting off of it softly. "Yeah. Let's do it," he nodded.

The inside of the cabin was quaint and calm. It was indeed far better furnished than any old lumberjack could afford - the chairs and tables were of the highest quality imported mahogany, the silverware was richly ornamented and their cups were made of *glass* instead of clay. The brigands smiled at one another and started grabbing anything they set their eyes on. Their bags were almost full when they heard a creek at the door. They swiftly turned and saw the old man standing in the doorway, a surprisingly unsurprised look on his face.

"Can I help you fine gentlemen with something?" he said in a heavy, gravelly voice. The first thief snickered and pulled his dagger from his belt.

"Yeah," he said and pointed the knife at him. "You can give me that bracelet and in return, I shall *generously* let you keep the hand it is on."

The old man sighed and gave the thief an inquisitive look.

"Just put everything back where you found it and leave. Please," he said in a calm, almost sorrowful manner.

The thieves merely laughed.

"You daft, old man?" he said and stepped forward, pressing the knife to the lumberjack's neck; a thin streak of blood ran from where the knife sat. "I said, give me your bracelet. Now," he hissed sharply.

The lumberjack put his hand up but instead of taking the bracelet off as instructed, he grabbed the thief's wrist before he could realize. A loud snap echoed through the cabin as the thief's wrist shattered. The lumberjack then let go of the man's wrist and grabbed him by the neck, lifting him up in the air and holding him to the side so he could see the other brigand.

"Wha- let him down! How- stop!" the other thief cried out, seeing his friend struggle for air.

"The knife," the lumberjack said slowly. The metallic clang filled the room as the thief let go of it. In response, the other thief was let down from the old man's grip, falling with a loud thud. 

"The devil- my wrist!" he yelled out painfully. "Balar, you said *\*akh\** this bastard was peaceful!"

"Peaceful?" the old man laughed. "Well, he didn't lie. My family and I are here to live a peaceful life," he continued and walked over to a closet in the corner of the room. He opened it, the rarely used door creaking as he did so, and from within brandished an axe larger than him. The thieves' eyes shifted around the room frantically; one even saw, however briefly, inside of the closet. It was mostly old junk but he could swear that he saw a suit of armour in there with... spikes on it?

"You see," the old man said as he held the axe next to him - the floorboards bent where the axe stood on the ground, betraying its weight, "you're only peaceful if you're capable of great violence." He cast a longing look at the axe head. "Otherwise, the word would be *harmless*" he finished with a stern look.

The thieves looked on in horror at the man. He was unassuming, plain even, but the ease with which he held one of them up and the sheer size of the axe he held with no problems worried them beyond reason.

"Mordred? Is everything well? I heard a commotion," a new voice rang from outside; a woman's gentle voice, filled with softness and melodious beauty. The old man's gaze suddenly softened as he looked towards the door.

"All is well, dear," Mordred replied gently. "Just a..." he paused as he looked at the thieves and, tightening the grip on his axe, nodded towards the back door. The thieves wasted no time and started running.

"*Misunderstanding*," he finished.