A panicked scream, and then the frantic cries start rippling through the crowd. "Is anybody here a doctor?" “Doctor? Anyone?” “We need a doctor!” Several people were already calling 911, but I knew it would be too late.   
I tentatively raise my hand. "I'm a Necromancer, if you're willing to wait a few minutes." Heads turn towards me, and the murmuring starts. Someone with a morbid sense of humour starts laughing, taking the traditional ‘necromancy isn’t real, therefore this is a joke’ logic train. That happens, the awkward laughter, when people can’t process the discomfort of their emotions.   
Other people in the crowd shoot glares in my direction, like the girl in the blue fishnet tights and the coveralls from Hot Topic. “This isn’t a joke, man,” she says tightly, “she’s like, seriously freaking hurt!”

  
She was, too. Barely three minutes ago, a steel beam had fallen from a construction project onto the public sidewalk outside Target and impacted the concrete with immense force. No one had been hurt in the initial drop, but when the ground pushed back, the beam had bounced into the side of the Honda CR-V and crushed it like paper. People had flocked to help, to stare, to push the beam aside and extract the passengers. 

  
“I know,” I reply solemnly. “I meant it. It’s too late for a doctor; she’s crossing the threshold.” The woman nearest me is edging away slightly and fishing in her ample cleavage for what I assume is a religious symbol. My eyes scan the crowd as I school my expression into the very definition of serene. “It’s OK. Here, let me through.” I gently press against the crowd of bodies gathered around the still, crumpled form on the ground. 

  
A woman is cradling the body, her face pale and eyes wide with shock. “She- she’s OK, right? My baby’s OK? She’s got to be OK. Hannah! Hannah, my beautiful baby, it’s time to wake up. Please, please wake up, my darling. You’re OK. She’s OK, she’s okay I promise!” The woman rocks the body back and forth, her movements jerky and her breath coming too fast. Tears stream down her cheeks unnoticed, leaving tracks of mascara on her cheeks and dampening her yellow blouse. 

  
“She’s OK,” I say gently, soothingly, “she’s at peace. Hannah’s surrounded by your love. It’s OK. You’re OK. You will be OK.” I parrot some of the woman’s words back to her, knowing that they’ll eventually be true. “Here, let me take her. Let me help you.” I sit on the ground next to the woman and shift the small, broken body to my lap. She was so light; they’re always so light. It reminds me of birds and their hollow bones, delicate and fragile yet able to do something the rest of us can’t by defying gravity. 

&amp;#x200B;

  
I rest a finger on each of her temples, closing my eyes to concentrate. Finding the soul is usually easy this soon after death; they’re confused, and partial to the body they’re used to being housed in so they tend to stick around. Children can be tricky, though, because they haven’t always had enough time to form a strong connection. This one’s borderline about it, her essence held by a few thin, stringy patches while the bulk of it churns and whispers into the aether. 

  
I concentrate, visualizing scooping up that essence and gathering it together. When I feel enough of it, enough of her, I speak. Speaking to souls is an interesting trick to get the hang of; it’s sort of like speaking aloud and also in your own head at the same time while projecting the words into someone else. “Hannah, I need to ask you a question,” I say gently. “Are you listening?” A faint pulsing sensation stirs against my senses, which I take to mean ‘yes’. “That’s right, that’s such good listening. Hannah, would you like me to bring you to be with your mama? Or are you ready to leave and go with the light?” It’s always, always important to give them a choice, I’ve found. Consent is what distinguishes ethical necromancy from unnatural violation. Even at this young age, the soul understands the choice inherent in death. 

  
For a moment, she’s present enough to control her body. Her eyes flutter open and struggle to focus. “Ma-” she tries to form words, but she’s too weak, her vessel too damaged. “She’s right here, Hannah, Your mama is here, and if you want to, you can be with her again. Where do you need to be?” The child’s weak attempt at speech set off an anguished wail from her mother, her hands reaching out to hold onto the child’s as she bends to kiss them. 

  
“Where do you need to be?” I ask the soul again, and I feel her start to pull. I nod, sending acceptance and warmth into the connection. “I release you, Hannah. We will find peace.” It’s always us, those left on the mortal plane, that grieve and suffer after death; sometimes so deeply that our mourning grips the souls of those we love and refuses to release them.   
Hannah’s lips curve at the edges into a soft smile, and her eyes close again as the small body slumps against my chest. Her mothers’ cries are deafening now, heavy sobs wracking her as she pulls the little girl back into her arms. “I thou-thought you were, go-going to save her,” she gasps out accusingly, rocking back and forth in agitation and shaking her head. “She- she didn’t want to! She didn’t want to go! She didn’t…” 

  
I nod, empathy filling my expression. “She wanted to go, and I wouldn’t force her to stay. She would have been in so much pain, for such a long time. She felt the call, and she went, but not before she said goodbye. She knew you were there, and she loves you for it. She needs you to let her go. She needs you to do that.” 

  
I stand, noting that emergency services have arrived and are beginning to disperse the crowd. I slip seamlessly into the stream of people leaving, giving one last look at the mother cradling her child on the asphalt of the parking lot. I wish that she knew what I know; that the mortal experience is the beginning of it all. That we connect with them again in death, and that no one is ever truly gone.