Theo waved two fingers at me and said something I couldn't understand. "What?" I replied, crossing my arms. He uttered it again and raised  two more fingers. "I'm sorry can you repeat that?"

He huffed and stomped the ground with his new leather boots. "Why isn't this working?"

"Why isn't what working?" Strands of blonde hair fell in his face and he quickly knocked them away, his hands glowing a pale green. "What are you trying to do?"

"I'm trying to turn you inside out!"

"Excuse me." I took a step back towards the wall and reached in my pocket for my keys. "You were trying to flip my insides to the outside of my body?"

"Yes" He scowled. "And I don't understand why it's not working."

In that moment,  I finally understood what kind of monster he was. Ever since we were kids, I seemed to be his favorite target.

The first day I met him, he pushed me off the monkey bars. I landed hard, knocking the wind out of me and scraping my back against the pavement.

In middle school, he turned my ham sandwich into a frog sandwich right when I took a bite. Kids called me frog breath for a year because of him.

But using magic to physically harm me was a first. I never thought he'd stoop that low. "What's your problem with me?" I shouted, strolling towards him. "What did I ever do to you?"

A lump grew in my throat as I tried to choke back tears. He snickered and lifted his whole right hand, moving it towards me. Sudden gold shimmers like lighting ,darted across his fingers, twirling around his knuckles. "Talk to the hand," he shouted.

A ball of red light escaped his flesh, hurtling towards me in the shape of a hand. I crossed my face with my arms, trying to protect myself from the blast.

I knew this spell very well. I had never used it though. I couldn't. I was one of the rare ones who had no magical abilities. 

Yet, I studied magic like my life depended on it. This was once a war time spell, something used by kings and captains to take down kingdoms and cavalries. Now, here I stood about take the full brunt of it.

The hand grew the closer it got to me. I shuddered, my legs shaking under my skinny frame. I closed my eyes and thought of what I could do.

"Run, " a voice cried from somewhere inside me. 

"That's stupid, " I whispered to myself. "That thing is heat seeking. There's no escaping it."

I squinted, the bright light blinding me. A slow rumbled emanated from the palm as I braced for impact. 

It struck me. Strands of red light dripped down my arms and fell to the ground. Sparks flew from shoulder to shoulder and glided through my hair before cascading off my back.

This was it.


 That was it?
 A sharp breath pierced my lungs and I stood up straight, my legs no longer trembling. A swirl of red light carved through the pavement and disappeared.

I looked up, my eyes centering on the last finger floating in the sky. Through its shallow glow, I saw Theo's shocked expression. His mouth hung low, showing off his porcelain white teeth. "How?" he shouted, tucking his hands into his pockets. "That should've---- should've---

"Ended me," I called back, cutting him off. He nodded,  his eyes going wide.

"What kind of spells are using , Gentry? Who taught you?"

Taught me. Nobody had cared to instruct me in magic after eighth grade. Not even my own mother. Once she realized that my powers would never come in, she gave up. "I didn't use any."

"That's bull, " he trudged towards me, keeping his eyes on my hands, "there's no way you could've saved from yourself from both attacks, if someone hadn't taught you something."

"I'm telling you the truth. No one taught me anything. I can't even do magic, remember? You've been teasing me about it since we were four."

"No." He punched my right shoulder and I winced. "There's no way that you didn't use some kind of protection spell."

I scowled at him and sighed. "Theo. I have no reason to lie about it."

"There's always a reason to lie. What kind of power are you hiding? You wearing a protection amulet or something?"

I stood silent for a moment, thinking about what he had said. A protection amulet wouldn't work on me. You had to have magical powers to be protected from magical powers by amulets. It was the kind of frustrating bullcrap about magic that always bewildered me.

"Whatever," he threw up his hand and shouldered me into the wall. "I'll find out what happened and I'll come back to finish this.

He snapped his fingers and disappeared before me, leaving a blue ring of fire where he once stood.

I crouched down and stuck my fingers into the flames. The heat hugged them but I felt no pain. I pulled my hand out and examined myself, noticing I hadn't been burned.

"What in the world is wrong with me?"