Fingers of smoke stretched out from the shadows around them, converging to the pentagonal drawing on the ground. Their chanting grew. It was working. Finally their struggle was about to be rewarded. The smoke swirled tumultuously. Then there was a flash of light

As the smoke blew away, a tall man in a pin-striped suit and fedora emerged, holding a suitcase. He looked left and right.

"Buy now while there's still a chance!" he exclaimed wide-eyed, jumping towards one of the cultists.  "These babies are hot, and ready to go soaring!" he knocked on his suitcase suggestively towards the others.  
"You there, sir!" he said, pointing towards the leader. "You look like a fine young man ready to invest! I tell you that the market is positively *booming*! With these bonds you could go from an unpaid man to a self-made man!"

The head cultist took a step back.

"What the hell is this?" he said.

"Master, I do not understand," said a cultist to the leader.

"Not interested? Well that'd be *your* mistake," he said. "Because it's a limited offer, and once these go sky-high, there won't be enough for everyone!"

"You there," the leader pointed at him. "We do not know who you are, but leave. We summoned the God of Destruction. You are not him," he said.

"Oh really?" the man smirked. "Am I not scary enough for you?"

The leader looked him up and down.

"You are a conman of some kind," he said. "And you do not frighten anyone."

The man smiled.

"Well you're right. I am a conman," he said. "But you *should* be frightened..."

He walked out of the pentagram towards the head cultist.

"A thief who breaks in at night takes what he wants," his suitcase seemed to be hanging a little lower. "But knock on the door and smile, and men give it to me willingly."

It was now apparent that his arms were growing longer, and the suitcase started dragging across the concrete.

"You claim to know Destruction," his voice warped into a lower tone. "But you don't even know when he arrives..."

The head cultist stepped backwards. The man's now broad shoulders swung the suitcase up into the air. Green bills poured forcefully out from the case in all directions, smattering the floor. The long, crude, wobbly arm held the spewing case up as money rained down. His face began to sallow and morph into a rounded shape, with a pointed nose, and his hair became thin and raked down from his scalp.

"I am the lender and the collector. The misery of misers. I am your paycheck, your portfolio, your director and **consumer**," he boomed.

A gust started whirling around. The head cultist's hood blew back, revealing his shocked eyes. One of the dollars flew in the face of a cultist. When she looked closer at it, she saw that instead of a president, there was a person in it. They screamed at her for help. She dropped the note. The cultists could now hear the groans and screams from all of the bills flying through the air.

"I will complete the system that humanity truly desires, before I finally grant them sweet merciful death," he boomed.
"I will control every moment of their waking lives! I will decay their minds and then congratulate them as they destroy their bodies!" he howled with the wind.
"I will tell them they are free as they serve me, that they are building a new world while they destroy it, that there is abundance as they *freeze* and *starve!*"

The other cultists covered themselves as the figure stopped just in front of the head cultist, who was stood breathless in awe. The wind slowed and the bills hung suspended in the air. The figure's face stretched back to its original more handsome shape.

"But a CEO needs a board," he said.

The notes sped towards the suitcase and slipped inside as he closed the lid tight.

"And the best view is from the top," he said.

"So what do you say?!" he tapped on the suitcase. The head priest paused.

"I would like to accept your bonds sir..."