I looked at the reporters and snarled. "Get the fxck out of my way." They were still here, with their microphones stuck out to me.

"Death Wish! What do you think of Iced's depression?" One of them asked. "Do you think he's being weak?" Another one shouted.

"No." I stared at the brunette. "He's not weak. And I think it's his thing, not yours." She looked at me and came a bit closer. 

"You are defending him, why? From our informations, you tried to kill him 38 different times in public and who knows how many times in total. So why are you being on his side so suddenly?" She asked, getting on my nerves.

"I'm pretty sure that's none of your business." I cut it short. "Now move or I'll kill you."

"But Death Wish! You can attack when he's weak! Why didn't you attack already?" Another one asked. This time it was kinda cute blonde guy.

"As I said it's none of your business." I growled at him. Why does they care so much?

"Death Wish! Do you li-" I didn't let the other one finish her's sentence. I shot there a dark arrow, hitting the red head right into hers heart. She fell to the ground death while screams of terror and panic raised.

"Now get the fxck out of my way, or you'll end up as the little red head over there." I said, grinning. 

"You are monster!" Someone from the crowd shouted. "I am." I answered calmly. "Do you want to join your friend?"

After a while of silence I laughed. "That's what I thought." And I walked off, killing everyone who tried to follow me.

When I finally got to my house, I went in and went to the basement. Only to find Iced to sit there with his head hidden in his arms.

"Hey Charlie.." I started, scaring him a bit.

"I hate you." He said. "I hate all of you. Everyone can go fxck themselves and I wouldn't care!" He yelled out with tears running down his cheeks.

"Iced.." I looked at him. It was sad seeing him like this. 

"It's Charlie." He looked up at me, coming closer. "I missed you Xane. I- this is wrong. I am supposed to hate you!" He broke down again.

I couldn't say anything. He was right, this was wrong, but still it happened and honestly, what would you think? We are teenagers, stuff like this happens. I hugged him. "It's okay Charlie. Everything is okay now, no one needs to know this. Okay?" I smiled, kissing his fore head.

"I hate how much I love you." He whispered into my chest still covered in my black costume. "Don't you ever try to leave me."

"I won't." I smiled. "I couldn't. I adore you too much for it." 

This was wrong. We were supposed to hate each other, not this. But somehow this moment, this one when I held him in my arms, mumbled sweet nothings in his hair and promised him that I will never let go, this just felt right.