The snow was slowly falling in front of my eyes. I blinked a few times, adjusting my vision to the white covering everything. I heard a sigh to my right and looked at the old man standing next to me.  
  
“It happened again I see.” He said with sass and in a slightly annoyed tone.  
  
“One more, one less. What’s the difference at this point?” I whispered to myself.  
  
“Three hundred and…”   
  
“...forty nine.” I finished.  
  
He didn’t look pleased. I remember a time when it amused him. He was younger back then, and my ends were further apart. Year after year, he would come visit me every time he saw the signs. I didn’t know much about him, and I don’t think he knew much about me as well.   
  
“What was it this time? Another trap?”  
  
I shook my head. “Someone else.”  
  
His eyes widened. He found a log to sit on and started stroking his long beard.  
  
“That might tip the scales against us.”   
  
He took so long to say a word I’d forgotten what we were talking about. My mind was lost, wandering deep in the cave. I’d been careless lately. Dying more often to trivial things than actual danger. Every time, I’d awaken outside, standing in front of the entrance. It was the first time that someone else, another human, was down there at the same time I was.  
  
“Bah, what’s the worse that could happen?” I was acting carefree, but inside I was shaking. We didn’t know what could happen. Would I come back here if I died again? Or would he if I managed to come out on top? Would I stop coming back if I wasn't the first one in? We knew very little about the cave.  
  
“You should come down the mountain with me.” No more sass, no more annoyance. I could see in his eyes that he was tired.  
  
“We have a good thing going, why stop now?”  
  
“I’m old, Abe. I can’t come up here as easily as I used to. You may not age in there, but out here I do. What if next time I’m not here? How will you eat? Who will safeguard the riches you bring out?”  
  
I knew he had a point, but he didn’t understand. He couldn’t!  
  
“Your dad found a way. Do the same.” There was anger in my voice, but I wasn’t angry at him. Time was my only enemy. Time was the only thing I feared. Out there I was but a stranger to everyone, while in the cave, I felt at peace, at home. I was immortal in there, but out here, I was just a slowly dying man.  
  
“My dad instructed this duty to me, yes. I lived my life for you. I will not subject my own children to this slavery!”  
  
I felt my blood start to boil. “And you were richly paid for your services! Your family is wealthy beyond measure! Your brothers, sisters, sons and daughters are free to enjoy a life they would of never even known without me! I ask for a simple thing in return...”  
  
He slowly got up with the help of his cane. “Something I’m not willing to give away.” And he started walking away, leaving behind a bag filled with supplies for my next journey. After a few steps, he turned around to face me one last time.   
  
“You have given two generations enough wealth to live a thousand lifetimes. You should enjoy the fruits of your labor. Accept to live, grow old and die. Because this…” He pointed at the cave. “…this isn’t a life.”  
  
I took a few step towards him and stopped. I looked back at the cave. This had been the longest time I’d spent outside the cave in… I couldn’t remember. Should I do as Gabriel said? Walk away and let someone else take my place in this eternal loop? I didn’t remember what life was outside of the cave. Hell, I barely remembered some of my descents.  
  
I took a few more steps away from the cave, backwards, and just as I was about to turn away, the sky darkened. It was as if the sun had vanished while I blinked. A light slowly rose from the summit of the mountain. I’d never seen this phenomenon, but Gabriel had described it to me a few times.  
  
The light descended towards me and stopped where I stood but a few minutes ago. The light expanded, and stayed there for a few minutes. I was hesitant in approaching. I observed it from a safe distance until it collapsed on itself, leaving in it’s wake a man. A man that looked an awful lot like me.