"So, what is that exactly?" 

"This?  Got it off a broken metal sky ship.  The golem said it was an '*auto-mic ray goon*' or some such nonsense," the dwarf, Iron-Nose, spoke up as he hefted the nuclear-powered alien death ray in his brawny arms.

"Well, it's from the sky so it must be powerful.  What did everyone else get?" Angela asked the gathered companions.  Angela Forest-Strider, human ranger, was surprisingly calm.  She had had a year for her and her companions to prepare for the revenge of Thrikk the Serpent.  They had accidently trapped the snake god in a jar which had pissed it off something fierce.

"I have performed the *Rites of the Crystal King* which has made my magic far more powerful," Tannalak the Mystic, wizard elf extraordinaire, volunteered first in a voice similar but far more distant sounding to his old one.  He had been very handsome once but, from what Angela could tell, he was only a shadow of himself with what little of his skin was visible now stretched over his bones of glowing blue.

"Can't you tell, Angie?  My boy toys aren't just for looks!" Merral the Bard, Angela's half-sister, indicated to her entourage of warrior-incubi.  Angela hated to admit it but the gang of sex demons did look pretty good.

"Crystal-Dragon Jesus, Merral!  You would bring a harem to a fight!" Brother John, Orc Cleric of the Grace of Saint Lou, berated the bard.

"Pardon me if I wanted to have some fun before total annihilation!  What did you bring to the table other your holier-than-thou attitude, Johnny boy?" Merral shot back.

"I have the most holy relic of my order," Brother John stated solemnly as he pulled a cloth-wrapped object from his robes.  Slowly the cleric unwrapped the red silken bundle to reveal a mummified right hand with a golden nail driven through the palm.

"By the forges of the ancestors, what in the world is that!?" a surprised Iron-Nose gasped as he moved in closer.  John immediately and instinctively pulled back the relic from the little man.

"This is the *Hand of Saint Lou*, holiest of relics.  Saint Lou gifted it to me in a vision.  Drawing on its power will mean my death but it will give us great strength," the orc priest said with a voice slightly tinged with regret.  He had a family but his faith and solidarity with his friends drove him on.  If they failed to kill the serpent then it would surely go after their loved ones.

"Alright, sounds like we have everything as lined up as we can," Angela said as she looked down at the multitude of precious gems embedded in her hands.  Each gem was a pin-prick of pain constantly throbbing but so too was each one a source of raw magical power.  Every gem had an elemental spirit bound to it and so did they grant Angela their power but so too would that power kill her or take away her humanity.  Not that it mattered which came first at this rate.

"Tannalak," Angela looked to the ragged wizard, "Open the portal and I'll toss old scaly in ahead of us.  The shock of being unleashed in the Entropy Dimension should give us an opening to start laying into him."

"As you wish, old friend," the wizard nodded as he started casting his spell.

"It has been a ball, guys," Merral smiled at her party and her harem as she cracked her knuckles.

"Could be worse," Iron-Nose mused and shrugged.

"We shall all die but I have faith the snake shall as well," Brother John said with such certainty as he placed the relic over his own heart and pressed the nail in.

The portal bloomed in front of the small party of adventurers (and the large gang of incubi) as Angela hefted the trapped god and prepared to throw him into the portal.