In every village on the south side of the kingdom, there was that one guy.

The guy could be anyone. All that mattered was that when something broke, people went to the guy.

It could be Beatrice from Leafshank, whose gossip channels somehow extended to the ostentatious palace itself. Might even be Greg from Pleatwood, where his idea of proper communication were grunts of varying lengths and volume. Or it could be Form, from Stillwater.

Unlike cities, or even villages in the more adventurous north, people suddenly turning up weren’t just a footnote in a long day of whatever event, celebration, crime, or depravity happened that day. In Stillwater, this was news—front and center.

Form had a serene smile on his face at all times. His attire was simple, but always clean, seemingly able to avoid the dust that kicked up in Stillwater every day. He seemed a little too perfect, too… whole, to be the sort of person who would seek out a place in a village. The people who were here had stayed here their whole lives, or were trying to run away from something. There were few exceptions—and Form seemed to be one. Hence, the intrigue.

But oh, could Form fix things. And questions tended to be easily abated when favours were owed.

It first started with a little boy, who held a broken top in his hand while crying. Some paid heed, but none like Form did. The top was fixed in less than an hour.

Once, a wagon broke down on the side of the road, wheel gobbled up by an unexpected muddy puddle after a stormy bout. Not fifteen minutes later, the wheel was reattached, courtesy of Form.

Soon, it wasn’t Form going around fixing things. People started coming to him, asking for all sorts of solutions.

Tools. Easily done.

People. Fracture of a bone, strain of the muscle, or bewilderment of the mind—no problem.

Relationships. Tough, but always worth it.

Lives. There was no greater pleasure for Form, whose smile never left the town, no matter how gloomy or down.

People talked. They wondered who he really was. But few could deny the good that Form brought to the town. Trade routes were fixed up. Good business practices too. And perhaps more surprisingly, a sense of camaraderie set up not because of the necessity of a tight-knit community, but a genuine fondness for each other.

Form fixed many things around him, and in turn, those blessings found their way out.

That was, until the kingdom came through. Stillwater was far south, near the edge. There should be no soldiers this far out—at least, not the kind who threw torches onto haystacks, stuck their blades into things indiscriminately, and hollered messages at the top of their lungs.

“A mimic! A mimic has escaped the kingdom! Your prosperous growth has come under suspicion by the King!”

In but a day, almost everything Stillwater was now ashes and dust, floating off into an uncaring wind. Almost nothing was left—but its people.

Greg, once from Pleatwood, and moving to Stillwater after its recent prosperity, walked up to Form. The smile was gone.

“Your… skills,” Greg said. “Can you fix death?”

“Unfortunately, no,” Form whispered. “But I can fix the death dealer.”

---

r/dexdrafts