“It started with my grandfather. Well, both of my grandfathers. My parents grew up near each other in the same neighborhood, even though they were a few years apart.  
  
“Both of my grandfathers were born on the same day. Every year, they would celebrate their birthdays together-the big event of the year. First, it was just my parents’ two families. A cookout, maybe some games.   
  
“My parents were awkward teenagers when it started. Then, one year, my mom came home from college and caught my dad’s eye (he’s older). The rest is history.  
  
“The birthday parties kept getting bigger and bigger. From what they tell me, it wasn’t long before half the town was invited. When they found more people who shared their birthdays, they asked them to celebrate together and started a joint party yearly.  
  
“Word got out to the county, and that’s when things took off. Each year, dozens of people with the same birthday showed up for the celebration, bringing their entourage.  
  
“My parents’ eyes still glaze over when they talk about those parties.   
  
“Pretty soon, the county fairgrounds served two purposes: the county fair (obviously) and the joint birthday party. Sometime before I was born, the county fair fizzled out because there just weren’t enough farmers and livestock showing up each year. The birthday parties looked like they were going to stop, too, because they no longer had a venue.  
  
“My father still brags about his involvement to this day. He asked my mother’s dad, “What if we bought it and threw a birthday party every day of the year?”  
  
“Then, according to my dad and backed up by my grandfather, my one grandad called the other and talked about buying the fairgrounds. ’We can throw a birthday party every day of the year!’  
  
And that’s why we’re walking there now,” I explained to Doreen. I reached out and held her hand as she stepped over a puddle. Part of me wanted to remind her that I’d suggested she not wear heels, and the other part remembered that she wouldn’t have listened.  
  
“So you just show up to a birthday party whenever you feel like it?” Doreen asked, stepping gingerly on the dirt beyond the puddle, ensuring she didn’t sink in.  
  
“Well, think of it as a restaurant, but every table has a birthday. My grandfathers lead the festivities, and I get to come to celebrate because… well because I’m family!”  
  
The walking paths within the former fairgrounds are paved; Doreen opened up her stride and walked with the confidence that first caught my eye.   
  
I pointed out the origins of the various decorations on the plain square building that houses the parties; I’d heard the stories since I was a kid.   
  
“So the stripes were so that the place felt more like a carnival,” I explained. “And see that star up there, next to the angel? Those come down from the roof and go on the Christmas tree for those unlucky enough to be born on December twenty-fifth.”  
  
I opened the door, and we were met with silence. “That’s weird,” I muttered.  
  
“What?”  
  
I looked down at my watch. “Music’s usually going strong by now…” I lead Doreen through the hall, past the coat room and the kitchen entrance, and into the main space.  
  
My two grandfathers sat alone among a sea of circular tables in silence. Both of them were visibly upset.   
  
“This is the first night in decades that nobody’s booked,” my dad's father said.  
  
“That’s not true. Remember the blizzard of ‘93? Nobody came then, either,” my other grandpa replied.  
  
“Well, we weren’t here either. This is the first time nobody’s come when we’re here.”  
  
I took Doreen’s hand and led her straight to where they sat. “Well, I didn’t want to say anything because she’s shy about it, but it’s Doreen’s birthday today,” I said, squeezing Doreen’s hand. We hadn’t been dating very long, and I hoped she wouldn’t tell them I was lying.  
  
To my relief, she nodded. “I’ve just never liked my birthday,” she admitted.   
  
Both of my grandfathers jumped up with a quickness unexpected for men of their age. “Well, we just have to change that!”   
  
Each of them pulled out their cellphones. One yelled out, “we’re still on, come ASAP!” and the other placed an order for food.  
  
“Band’s on the way,” one grandfather reported happily while the other finalized the meal plans.   
  
Without them noticing, I pulled out my phone and sent a message to the group chat. “We’re celebrating Doreen’s birthday; come through,” I said. I didn’t have to tell them where I was.  
  
The party was going strong within an hour. More intimate than previous events but still lively. We ate, we danced, and everyone laughed during my speech. The alcohol ensured I didn’t remember what I said, but Doreen assured me it was good.”  
  
“Stop calling mom Doreen; it’s weird,” my kid squeaks.   
  
I tuck the blanket under his chin and smile. “Well, I don’t call her mom,” I say with a smile.  
  
By the night's end, everyone agreed it was a party to remember. When I told my grandpa that I was taking Doreen home, he waved to my other grandpa, and they both requested a moment alone with me. They led me away from Doreen, far enough so that she couldn’t hear us talk.  
  
“We know it’s not her birthday,” one grandpa said.   
  
“You do?” I replied, surprised.  
  
“And we want to say thank you,” my other grandpa added. “One final party before we close down.”  
  
“This was it. Definitely a good one to go out on.”  
  
There were tears in my eyes when I looked at their proud faces.  
  
“We’ve had a good run,” they said in unison. “Thanks for making these old men remember why we started the celebrations in the first place.”  
  
“Now get out of here,” they said, turning me around and sending me back to Doreen.  
  
I lean under the bed and pull the comforter up to see beneath. “Now get out of here, monsters!” I say to the space under the bed.  
  
My kid laughs. I lean in and kiss her forehead. “Goodnight, little one.”  
  
“I wish I could have met them,” she says sleepily.  
  
“Me too,” I say from the door as I turn out the light.