"Talk, you foul monster! Why have you traveled from the stars to invade our nation?! What insidious machinations are you plotting inside America?!"

The alien screamed in terror as it futilely tried to break free from the restraints tying it down to a steel gurney. "Wait! You don't understand! This is all just only a huge misunderstanding! We only came here for Graham crackers! Please don't anal probe me!" it shrieked, its voice practically on the verge of tears. 

The agent paused. "Did you just say...Graham crackers?" he said incredulously.

"Yes, yes!" the alien said, frantically babbling. "We're not invaders, we're just tourists! We heard about this delicious, addictive tasty meal on a newly discovered planet and we just came to get some for ourselves!"

"What a loud of bullshit!" the agent shouted as his face turned red with rage. "You really expect me to believe that you traveled millions of miles from God knows where just so you could stuff your face with bland tasteless crackers?!"

"It might be telling the truth, William," Howard, the other agent in the room, spoke up. "We don't know what kind of bizarre tastes these organisms have. And we have discovered hundreds of boxes of Graham crackers that these creatures have stolen and stashed away in their flying vessel."

"We didn't steal them!" the alien shrieked. "Ask Sylvester Graham! We made a deal with him! We agreed to give him some of our technology in exchange for as many of his amazing crackers as he could provide us!"

The two agents exchanged stupefied looks with one another. Howard was the first one to find his voice. "Are you...are you telling me that Sylvester Graham has been secretly working together with creatures from another planet?"

"Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying!" the alien said, nodding his head. "He said he wanted to use our technology to spread temperance around the world and bring an end to the masturbatory habits of humanity."

William's face paled. "Good god, we need to alert the president immediately!"

"I'm afraid it's far too late for that," a voice spoke out from behind them. The two agents spun around in shock, only to see Sylvester Graham smiling as he stood in the doorway, flanked by a group of bodyguards. "As of this very moment, gentlemen, I am now the new leader of the Foundation and the true ruler of this country."