"No," I screamed.

"Yes," screamed the demon, holding up his flaming sword.

"Woof," yelled Sir Barkado who rather inappropriately launched himself at the demon's waist.

"Ha, nor can Man's best friend!" yelled the demon as the dog's bites did nothing.

"No," I screamed.

"Howl," Howled sir Barkado.

"Yes," laughed the demon.

"Meow," said Sir Fluffy Tail, who's fluffy tail was made for pets.  He went for the demon's eyes, tearing one out.

"The hells," yelled the demon, "That's also supposed to be a pet!"

"Sir Fluffy Tail is 100% asshole," I said.

"Woof," confirmed Sir Barkado.

"I guess she's not man's best friend then.  I guess now that I have a worthy opponent, I'll... where did she go," asked the demon.

"I don't rightly know," I said looking around.  "I think she got what she wanted and just left."

The demon stared around for a moment, "I kind of need my eye back."

"Do you think it will make her sick," I asked.

"Gee, the eye of a giant demon, I wonder," said the demon.

"That's why I was asking," I continued.

"Yes," hissed the demon as another knight entered the field.

"Sir Child, its more specific than just 'a man'," I said.

"Poop," replied Sir Child as he shakily turned around and started back towards the castle and naptime.

"Poor kid, putting on that armor must have taken him a while," said the demon.

"Always pinches himself too," I said.  

"Well, now I'm not in the mood for conquest," said the demon sitting down and scratching Sir Barkado on the head.  

"I could go look for your eye, leave it in the portal to hell," I said.

"Thanks, I hate to be a bother, but I think I'm going back to hell, I'll be up some time later to try again," said the demon sadly.

"We'll try to suck less next time," I yelled.

"Seriously, no man can kill me and you tried a woman," groaned the demon.

"I thought it was stupid too but after the last time, you know where you slaughtered everyone," I said.

"You figure you'd be more upset about that," said the demon.

"I didn't know them," I replied, looking around, "so..."

"Fine, I'll leave," grumbled the demon.

"See you next time!" I yelled as the demon walked away.  

"No cats!" replied the demon as he left.