*...What the fuck*, I start to think as a sliver of sunshine peeking through the curtain peels my eyes open. I see Garmr and Silas on either side of me - naked, Garmr human once
again, and clutching my silk duvet. My head is absolutely pounding, I'm nauseous, and my neck is still burning on either side where I was bitten. Last night was almost a blur, except for The Bi-Re. That is something I will never forget... I just hope it worked. The last successful Bi-Re was over 1,000 years ago, and they never thought we'd have to do it again...

Silas stirs beside me, cracks one eye open and hazily smiles, "Good morning my love, how do you feel?"

"Fucking awful. Everything hurts" I manage to choke out before I'm suddenly on my feet racing to the bathroom - my stomach can't handle itself anymore. I guess it's time... *fuck*. 
Through my retching I hear Silas plodding down the hall after me, resting against the doorframe as I flush the toilet and clean my face. 

"It must have worked," he grins ear-to-ear, "or you wouldn't get sick the next morning."

"Ha, yeah, easy for you to be so excited. You aren't the one whose stomach just turned upside-down and will continue churning for the foreseeable future," I huff. I mean really, not only was the Bi-Re painful, but I have to endure at least 3 weeks - likely 4 - of recovering side effects like this before we even know if it worked. 

"I'm sorry love, I'm just glad it's over and I hope that it worked." He helps me off the floor, then gently lifts me into his arms and plants a delicate kiss onto my nose. 

Garmr is now awake and rustling around in the kitchen working breakfast. I excitedly give him the news, "Garm!! I think it worked, I feel awful and I was just sick."

"Hmmmph, ok," he mumbles. Silas and I glance at each other, confused and a tinge annoyed. 

"Garmr." Silas snaps. His eyes flicker, "You should be honored Esme has accepted your clans pleas. If it weren't for her drop of werewolf blood we would have turned you away quicker than-"

"Love, please." I have to interject. Silas can be ruthless when it comes to me. "No we wouldn't have. Garmr, thank you for making a delicious breakfast for us. I'll need as much energy I can get if the Bi-Re is to be successful." 

"Of course Esme, I will care for your every whim over the next 4 weeks to be sure your body adjusts. After exactly 30 days we must begin your shifting process. The first shift will be painful, much less painful than the Bi-Re, but nonetheless. You will need all your physical strength and mental clarity. No distractions," he glances to Silas' turned back. Thankfully, Silas is now distracted by the television.

•••