I don't know how I've managed to not go insane from this  wild Groundhog Day loop adventure, but I've looped around 7.753 billion or so times today, each one covering a different person's day on planet Earth. Surprisingly, some of my favorite loops covered Kim Jong Un, Vladimir Putin, Xi Jinping, Queen Elizabeth the Second, Jair Bolsonaro, the Pope, Nicolas Maduro, and President Joe Biden, as I got to be a World Leader for those loops, which was awesome! I managed to be every celebrity figure on the planet in my time loops, every newborn baby, every death, and I got to see the whole world in one day, which changed my whole perspective on humanity and life in general, as I quite literally became everyone for a day. I got to see everything that happens in one day, as it happened.

It got to the point where I got to the crux of why I was stuck in this time loop to begin with. To put everything into perspective on how we're just mere ants in the universe, how we're all the same but also different, but how life and death are the paradox of humanity. I got to know everything that man has ever known or discovered. I got to be a part of history with every loop. It was really fascinating, to be honest. And insanely humbling to be everyone, everywhere, all in one day that was looped billions of times over.

As I'm contemplating this while falling asleep, the last thought I have before I'm out, is what do I do with this knowledge that I've accumulated in these loops? Hours later, when I awaken in the morning, I find myself back in my own body and it's tomorrow when I check my alarm clock. When my housemate asks how I slept last night while pouring me a cup of coffee to take outside on our front porch, I tell them that I had a wild dream that might have been or might have not been actually based on Groundhog Day, which we had watched together a couple nights ago. I didn't have it in my heart to tell them just yet that my first two loops had me wake up as the two of us right then. My housemate is a bit surprised by this, then inquires a bit more about my wild dream. So I decide to share what I could about the dream, while they take notes.

"Holy shit, 7.753 billion or so loops is insane! And you got to be everyone, everywhere, all in one day. What loop was mine?" I sigh, and tell them that theirs was the second loop after the first one was mine. "That's so eye opening, hopefully you can use the knowledge you've accumulated from everyone's loops to bring real change for the world in some form. So what were your favorite loops?" "Being several different leaders, one of which was the Pope, while another was our current president Joe Biden. One loop even had me be Kim Jong Un for the day. But knowing what I now know about everyone on planet Earth and in the international space station, my inner dark side wonders what could have happened if I rendered the entire human race extinct in one day by killing myself on every loop." "Well I'm glad you didn't go that route. What would Sans of Undertale think about you going on a genocide run with humanity?" "Right, good point. That would have been bad for everyone. But now, I wonder what today will bring," I reply while sipping my coffee, ready for the new day. The end.