It had been a long 23 years.  


  
On a dark and stormy night 23 years ago, Rambuni Mazakarov lost his wife to suicide. A sand contractor by profession, she'd been struggling to keep her sanity over the last few months in the face of threats to her life she'd been receiving from the Russian mafia. She always did put on a brave face for his sake. But every so often, Mazakarov would catch a glimpse of how she felt underneath: simulaneously jumpy and exhausted. That was of course, until she decided to slit her own throat.  


  
If only he'd done more sooner. He knew that he could have. He knew that he should have.  


  
23 years ago, Rambuni felt himself overcome first by limitless grief, and then by limitless rage. He had had enough of this irreparably broken system, its corrupt politicians, its unscrupulous businessmen, its brutal thugs, and most of all, its citizenry of ninnies who were too weak and cowardly to do anything about it. The fundamental problem, he thought, was that it was impossible for those who don't crave power to share a world with those who do, without being oppressed. Everyone was out to get you.  


  
It had to go. All of it.  


  
23 years ago, Mazakarov returned to The Brothers of Zethulu, an occult group that he'd briefly flirted with during his rebellious teen years. Their primary objective was to summon their god Zethulu, whom the ancient Mayans used to worship several millenia ago. Mayan prophecies told of the Day of Decimation when Zethulu would return to wipe out all human life on the planet, so that a new civillization of parrots may take its place. Why parrots? The Brothers weren't too sure either. The translations of the Sacred Texts were a bit iffy sometimes. Certain sections of the Texts had also been charred beyond recognition during a fire that had broken out in their translator Gonzalo's attic from an inadequately extinguished cigarette butt. Couldn't be helped though. They'd committed to summonning Zethulu and were hoping for the best.  


  
And today was the big day. Today was the Day of Decimation. And Mazakarov was ready. Mazakarov was ready to watch the world burn. Mazakarov was ready to see the stars die. Mazakarov was ready for it all.  


  
As the Grand Vizier recited the final incantation, and the four Paladins of Power dropped their amulets into vat of molten lava — and you have no idea how expensive it is have molten lava shipped to Moscow in December — Mazakarov and his fellow cult members sat around the altar and waited; some calmly, some nervously, some excitedly. They waited.  


  
When the last few syllables of the incantation had been uttered and the last few splinters from the amulets had disappeared into the flames, tensions in the Great Hall reached their zenith. The air was thick with anticipation. But nothing happened. The Brothers began exchanging glances and looking nervously to the Grand Vizier who himself seemed a little confused, when SPLAT!  


  
A sickly little bird which looked like a parakeet had just crashed, head-first into the recently installed tinted glass atop the altar. As the Brothers watched, it collected itself in a few moments and flew in through the open window to the Vizier's side.   


  
"do Yoo havv any idee hou far 'way Gwata-mala is?", it squawked as the Brothers looked on in astonishment. "thE nurv on Yoo lot", it managed to choke out before bursting into a fit of wheezing and coughing. This went on for a few minutes as it slowly dawned on the Brothers that this was indeed Lord Zethulu. The prophecies of parrot domination made a lot more sense now. Their only concern was that the Mayan god that they had spent decades trying to summon seemed a lot less formidable up close.  


  
Finally, the coughing stopped. Nobody dared to make a sound. The shocked Vizier managed to get out the words, "Lo-Lord Zethulu?" Silence. The Vizier repeated, louder and more confidently this time, "Welcome O Great One. Art thou Lord Zethulu?" There was no response. The parrot lay motionless on the altar floor. Seemingly, the Brotherhood had inadvertantly killed their god.  


  
"Rats", Mazakarov muttered under his breath.