"How old are you, exactly?" I asked, as the dark eyed creature slowly walked along my workbench, its thin hands drifting over my tools. Even through its guarded expression, I sensed that they foreign to it, the strange ritual objects of a strange land. Its offer had struck me the same way.

It gave a polite smile. "I just passed my first century." To its credit, there was only the faintest wisp of superiority in its voice.  It looked maybe thirty.

The scoff was involuntary. "So what do you know of life and death, then?" I said, half amused at what seemed to me as a rather young immortal. I saw its eyes linger on the coffin I had nearly finished as it hesitated, fingers tracing the whorls of flame and bird's eyes in the grain.

"Do you know where that figure comes from?" I asked pointedly. It looked up at me, silently questioning both the nature of the wood and my intention.

"Age. The figure of the wood comes from age. That tree was far older than you, and not simply in years. The figure comes from the stresses of a life long-lived. The force of the winds, the heat and frost, the twisting growth of struggle. Things you will never know, and the source of all art."

"But my people take great pride in things of beauty," the creature almost protested. "Otherwise why would we have spent all these years paying you handsomely for your work?"

This time the snort was intentional. "And ravens will snatch a broken silver link from the mud and add them to their hoard."

"But that's the point of art," it insisted, haughty in its self-assured knowledge of the world. "Objects of beauty to be gazed upon. Otherwise why seek them? They have no use, but to be seen and admired."

"You're like those fools at the museum with their collections," I said, shaking my head. "Amassing objects from all over the world, carved with languages they will never understand, thinking themselves wise. But they will never know the true meanings of this things, in the eyes of the people that made them. Without the context of suffering, there is no meaning to peace, without the knowledge of death, no relief in a breath of mountain air."

It pondered this for a moment, its eyes boring into me. "So is art a product of evil, then? Simply an elegantly woven lie that all creatures tell to make their suffering seem worthwhile?" Its eyes told of it's own pain that I hadn't considered.

"Perhaps it is," I nodded calmly. "But if it is, is that not a worthy pursuit? If a mere story can inspire one to welcome the end with dignity, if a sculpture can inspire the awe that creates a belief in something greater, aren't these lies worth telling? That is why the context is needed. Art without the context of despair is as empty as death without the hope that art provides.'

It seemed to understand this, its face an expression of weariness, and acceptance of both my need for mortality and the knowledge that it would always be lacking something I had. That it would always be a half-thing, never a complete being.

 "Can I make a request, master carpenter?" Its hand fell onto a piece of straight pine, the grain straight from unhurried, painless growth. This it set on its coffin, thoughtfully.  "A stake, if you would."