Father Eli flips through his grimoir. "This can't be right," he mutters, "that thing doesn't look anything like the description of Jornokaur."

"Aren't you worried about disrespecting him?" I ask.

Father Eli looks at me as if he'd forgotten the cult was still gathered, and then he goes back to his perusal.

I change my focus to the creature. It is, in fact, much smaller than we were led to believe, but gods can take many forms.

The creature faces me and raises its wings ever so slightly, as if to wave. I start to wave back, but Brother Drake takes my hand and lowers it.

I wander over to Father Eli and peek at the grimoir, trying to see if there's 

any indication, one way or another, of just what we have summoned. As we're reading, the crowd starts to murmur.

"Silence, everyone" Father Eli says, "I'm trying to focus. Bathsheba, get out of my bubble."

I do as he demands, and when I make my way back to the group, everyone is looking around confused. I lean over to Brother Drake and whisper, "what's going on?"

"The creature is missing." 

"Did you check under the altar?"

Brother Drake looks at me like I have two heads. "Don't be ridiculous. Of course it's not under the altar, it's just vanished."

"So you did not check under the altar?" I ask, just to clarify.

"No."

I roll my eyes and check myself, feeling a little silly when the creature is in fact not there.

"Feel better?" Brother Drake asks.

"I SAID SILENCE!" Father Eli screams, storming over to the gathered crowd. "I'm trying to focus here, so that if we'll lucky we can try again before moonset! We'll have to wait decades for the stars to align again! What could possibly be so interesting that you need all this incessant chatter?"

Everyone looks around, not wanting to be the one to tell him that whatever we summoned is loose. 

One man raises his hand sheepishly. I recognize him as Brother Ignatius. "We were just, ah, trying to find the creature because it disappeared." 

"Well, good," Father Eli says, "maybe we didn't screw up the ritual, and Jornokaur is off cleansing the world via fire. In the mean time, I'm doing my best to confirm that, so be silent while I double check the grimoir."

"Maybe you just need a fresh pair of eyes," Brother Drake suggests. "Do you mind if I take a gander at it?"

Father Eli stares daggers at Brother Drake. "Yes, actually. I mind quite a bit." He starts back toward the pedestal where the grimoir is kept and stops suddenly. "Now where's my grimoir!?"

We all search frantically for it, under tables and chairs, in the libation bowl, and even under the altar, but I stop when I spot the creature, waddling toward Sister Ruby with an athame in its mouth. Ruby has no idea the creature is coming. She's bent down in front of Father Eli's throne, checking under it.

I watch silently, paralyzed, but when I finally muster the strength to warn her, the creature does it for me. 

"HONK!"

Sister Ruby is so startled that she falls on her bum and gasps. Several people near by notice the creature too, and began to chase it. The creature runs from them, still carrying the athame, and eventually lowers its long neck to duck under the altar. 

We'll never get the athame back now.