"Alright. First things first- get emotional. Get angry. Get passionate, or irritated, happy, glad sad or mad. *Emotional*. That's step one- and likely the most I'm able to teach you."

Sergeant Major William Holloway of his Majesty's Royal 3rd Combined Arms Group adjusted his chestplate and got into a stance. The wizened man in front of him listened with incredibly rapt attention, not even speaking up to state that he knew this. Remarkably, Leonard Percival, Grandmaster Lord of Water Magic, legitimately sought Holloway's tutoring, even if it was required.

What was also strange about this situation was Holloway's status as a Combined Arms soldier. Sword and shield and flame wasn't a very common practice, even if His Majesty sees the strategy in it and is starting to form CA Groups. Even the most common of foot soldiers slinging firebolts or throwing shards of ice can catapult army effectiveness, even the most rudimentary first aid magic can save lives until an Adept practitioner can reach the soldier.

Curious, as both the Church and the Offices were opposed to Combined Arms groups. The Holy Church of Jasumuph saw their healers as gifted by the gods, and no common man could wield such magic. The Grand Offices of Wisdom saw the common man as inferior. Of the Five most powerful men on the continent, one stood in front of Holloway.

This was remarkable as it was basically an unofficial rule that Masters or Grandmasters can study under basically anyone of their choosing. Hell, Percival could have studied under Joshua Graham, the Lord Grandmaster of the Office and the Grandmaster Lord of Fire Magic.

But no, he stood in front of Holloway, mimicking Holloway's stance even if it was crazy basic. Feet wide, lowered knees, elbows down and hands low and a bit to the sides.

And then William growled, and flames licked up his palms. It was a callous waste of energy, a terribly inefficient cast of Flame, yet it drove his point across- fire magic manifested through ferocity and emotion.

The Grandmaster mimicked Holloway, growling all too similar and, for the briefest of moments, sparks flickered across his fingers.

The Grandmaster gave his fingers a glance. A minute with Holloway yielded more than five hours reading books on the subject. The Grandmaster smiled.

"Two lessons are apparent immediately. Firstly, being vocal or tensing muscles actually does help. If you can make yourself angry, the fire will come to you faster. Flex your fingers, tighten fists, growl, scream, shout- it all helps. Secondly, the principal of KISS. Keep It Simple, Stupid."

The Grandmaster double taked at Holloway's response- was this boy calling him stupid? And yet, his massive age justified his wisdom, and he kept silent for the explanation. He knew one would follow.

"If it's stupid, but it works, then it ain't stupid. So keep it stupid, keep it simple. Flex your hands, scream at a motherfucker. Basic movements like jerking your hand in a direction or slamming your feet on the ground can put artificial emphasis on an otherwise basic fire spell."

The Grandmaster finally spoke, not leaving his stance.

"That is wholly unlike water magic. And I wouldn't believe Grandmaster Fire would agree with you. Why do you take this approach?"

Holloway smiled.

"Because it works. Or maybe it just works for me. Everyone has their own style. But this works for me, and as long as I can *use* fire magic, I can get better at it. Imagine trying to learn Meteor when you can't even cast Sparks? No amount of books can help me, no amount of tutoring would work. My Sparks can turn into Flames, my Flames into Firebolt, my Firebolt into Flamestream and Fireball. I can grow in power first, get used to using it- any finesse, technique, or expertise can come *after* I get used to using the simple spells."

The Grandmaster smiled wider. That. That was why he chose a commoner over the Grandmaster Fire. "It just works for me" is a powerful statement, beyond what Holloway understood. How many students were frustrated and depressed after failing to follow studies and cast their first spells? How many students could have benefited from finding their own way?

What's more, is that Holloway clearly was skilled in his martial matters, and even his stance hinted towards it. Martial Arts inspired maybe?

"I don't know how much I can teach you. I can presume that fire magic is nothing like water- there's a lot less fluid motions and calm expressions and a lot more watching a guy's face melt because you're screaming into it."

The Grandmaster winced and his smile fell into a frown, but he understood. He took it seriously.

"But, for now- lets get you screaming, lets get you yelling, and maybe your current finesse and control over your water magic can help you shape the mana in you into flame."

Holloway gave an encouraging smile, and screamed. It was an awkward scream. It was forced, and it wouldn't look out of place on someone faking an injury or an assault.

But when flames burst into existence around his palms, and crept up his forearms, the Grandmaster took it in stride.

And so the Grandmaster screamed. And, for the first time, flames exploded on his fingertips.