I reached for another mini sandwich, but my hand met nothing. *Shit* I knew what had to happen now. I had survived the last week off of sparkling water, sandwiches, and chips. But the time had come for me to venture outside. There was no longer any avoiding it.

A week ago, instead of the normal greeting my roommate’s cat gave me when I walked out to make breakfast, I was greeted with absolute nothingness. There wasn’t even a bottom for the coin I tossed to land on. Just complete nothingness. My three saving graces were the mini fridge I bought so I could avoid any and all interaction with my roommate (Yes, she really is that bad), the fact that I had my own bathroom, and my laptop. However, I quickly learned that whenever I played games, not only could I go out in to the world, the world could come in for me. So I spent most of my time with my laptop turned off for my own safety.

But today, I had no choice unless I wanted to starve to death. I had to go outside. I *really* wish I had bought The Sims again (left my hard copy at a friends years ago because they liked it more than I did). This would be a much easier decision to make. But I no longer had any internet connection, so buying it now was out of the question. 

After much consideration, I settled on The Witcher 3. If all the options, that one seemed the best for normal people. Bethesda games really depended on the main character not wanting to kill every non-essential character that existed (and even the best series for a normal person to live in, Fallout, was riddled with radiation.), dungeon crawlers sounded like straight hell, racing games were devoid of any actual resources (but I will admit. They did sound fun to try out later on.), and for some reason, Detroit wouldn’t work anymore. But in the Witcher, all you had to do was stay in the villages, find a role you could fill, travel in groups, and not bother the Griffins. Plus, I was handy with a bow, so I could probably be a hunter or something. So I grabbed my hunting and camping supplies from my closet, opened the door, and prepared for a new life as a hunter.

Only to be attacked by a fucking griffin right out the gate. God, I’m going to hate it here.