“What is strength?”

There was silence after Eclipse spoke, except for the sound of rubble trickling from the fresh hole in the newsroom wall. He did not wait for an answer as he seated himself and turned to his unwilling co-anchor.

“I asked a question, Son of Carl. You mocked the Strongman, belittled his struggles with depression and anxiety, called him broken. Weak. I do not think you know what strength is. And madam, if you cut the news feed, I will gut you where you stand.”

The plucky intern who had been reaching for the kill switch suddenly went very, very still.

“Now. What is strength?” He clasped his gauntleted hands and rested his chin on them as he faced the camera. “Perhaps we should start with what it is *not*. It is not power. Power is the ability to make your wishes become reality. To speak and make it so. But it is not strength.

“Strength, true strength, is resilience. It is doing what you must, what is best for you and your loved ones, in spite of the difficulty. Strength is inspiring others to do more. To be more. To become greater than themselves.

“It is in his name. The Strongman. He is a human who has stood against a god and emerged victorious. You have watched him lift buildings. Crumple iron. Shatter steel. When he knew his power was not enough, he had the strength to seek help. And you mocked him. *Mocked him.*” 

Eclipse paused, calming himself, and unclenched his fists. After a long moment, he unfastened his gauntlets, tossing them carelessly to the floor, and the co-host gasped. A riot of scars ran up and down Eclipse’s arms, short and fat, long and pale, punctuated by two long, thin lines running down the center of his forearms.

“I know what it is like to see the world in grey. To be alone at 3 AM, wishing your light would go out, because you do not wish for death…but it is a refuge from what all the days to come will bring. To feel the world grown cold and hollow, yet nothing can distract you from how empty and still it has become. If I had known…perhaps, in another time…”

His voice wavered a moment, then returned to steel.

“No matter. His struggles forged him and mine shattered me. I worship my power. But I covet his strength. Yet you call him weak. So tell me, Son of Carl…” He turned to his co-host. “Would you ever call me weak?”

There was a heartbeat of silence. 

“N-no!”

“You lie. But allow me to speak the truth.”

Faster than thought, Eclipse was standing, hand around the man’s throat. His feet kicked uselessly, suspended several feet above the floor, and Eclipse turned towards the camera.

"You do not recognize strength, only power. So I will be clear to those who would call him weak: if his name ever passes your lips again—in jeer or in joy—I will show you *power*. For he is human. I am a god. He may forgive…”

There was a wet, gurgling *crunch*.

“…but I will not."