"Sal, you get up on the car with Dean." The young dragon said, giving a quick glance at his notes" After all the hullabaloo over in new york, you both decided to get to Caeliforia by route 66. You have only been on the highway for an hour or so; if you squint you can still see the buildings at the distance." Maerick continued narrating calmly, with a tone of what was to come. He took a d20 and 3d8 and threw them behind the ivory screen that covered his chicken scratch of a plot. "Suddenly, at the distance you see a stalled car in the middle of the road. What..."

"MAELICK GREENTORN!" the scream startled everyone at the table, even more so than the tax charges they had received less than an hour ago. "I told you to say goodbye to your friends and go to sleep!" Behind Maelick, her mother's head stood. It was almost twice the size of the young dragon's body.

"But mooooom!" With the fragile suspension of disbelief irredeemably broken, Maelick dropped the deep voice and turned to complain.

"Oh, no. None of that. Your breath weapon exam is tomorrow and I don't want to eat another poor school director just because you wanted to play pretend"

"It's... It's not pretend!" Maelick screamed. The two other dragons at the the table remained silent, but quickly began packing their things.

"Really? what is it then"

"It's Offices and Humans and it's really complex! Our campaign just reached Route 66"

"Route 66?"

"Yes!" Maelick yelped. "And Dan is still figuring himself out after the night with camille"

"Oh, come on. You know they'll never even reach Denver!" Maelick's mum screamed, not quite realizing what she had said. "Even if they do, you're supposed to give them Carlos' Letter." All three young dragons stared in disbelief until the golden dragon, Kuri Aerum, shouted at Maelick.

"We won't get to california?" 

"You're..."Maelick couldn't really speak. Months of preparation for Carlos the NPC's death had been ruined in one swoop. "You're not supposed to know that!... Mum!"

"You heard me the first, time. So don't get me talking on "Barrel fever" unless you want me to also spoil your next game"

"How..." Maelick turned around to look at his friends. Defeated and not wanting to lose anymore preparations he dropped his wings and spoke defeated. "We'll wrap it up for today guys"

The two other dragons didn't wait for any more signs, and ran out of the scraggly basement with vague goodbyes. All the while, Maelick didn't move an inch until finally turning to his mum.

"I play since first edition, you know?" She said smugly.