AITA For "kidnapping" some lady? 

So for reference, I [1540 | Dragon] have been living in this mountain range for a really long time. I have a nice cave surrounded by beautiful forest with lots of goats to eat. Some years ago a bunch of humans humans moved into a nearby valley and set up shop. Cool, neighbors. I'm kind of an introvert so I didn't introduce myself but I kind of assumed they knew I was there when they moved in... I mean, I wasn't exactly trying to hide either. 

So things were pretty ok for a while. They get really noisy a few times a year which is annoying, but I can't really deny them having fun, as long as it isn't a constant thing. They cut down a lot of the nearby forest, which I wasn't a fan of initially, but the goats seemed to love it because there were way, way more of them after. So I was like, ok, it's fine, definitely a win-win (I friggin love goat meat). 

A few months ago is when the trouble started. A human broke into my cave while I was having a nap, I assume to steal some of my sick collections. Well, I woke up, and when he saw I was awake, the human attacked me. I defended myself and ended up accidentally killing him. I've got no fighting skills, I'm just that much stronger, so yeah... accident. I felt kind of bad, but he was a burgler and trespasser who attempted assault. 

I thought it was gonna be a one-off incident, but humans have started sneaking in regularly, and it always goes the same way. Then I found out something shocking- the last human who came to my cave shouted at me as he was attacking, something like "This is revenge for [town]! Your reign of terror is at an end!" 
I was flabbergasted. Maybe its only this one that was a nutcase and the others were genuine burglars, but it really upset me, so I flew down to [town] to confront them. 

Well, I walked right into... something. People were freaking out, screaming, crying, running all over the place. It was really offputting. I go to the fanciest building where I assume the human in charge would be and try to have a conversation. This old dude storms out dragging a young woman behind him. He's shouting, she's crying, I have no idea what the hell drama I am witnessing. He throws the girl at me repeatedly shouting "Take her! Take her!"
I was pretty much speachless at this point, but obviously some shit is going down and I was kind of worried for that girl's safety, so I picked her up and flew off. Took her back to my cave. 

Now I am completely at a loss. She won't stop freaking out, won't calm down, keeps crying, and is telling me how I'm going to regret "kidnapping" her and how [town] is going to send someone to kill me. 

So, AITA?? What did I do wrong here? Some of the stuff she is saying is really hurtful, and idk, part of me is starting to believe I deserve it...