“Tis but an excellent job, Mother! I have all which I need to gain souls for our people!” Said the overzealous Phreckle. She was remiss to see her fellow Fae People look down at her cunning.

“But Phreckle, why would these people do willingly break the taboos of olde? This feels like a scam…” argued Twolipse, a foreboding had set in the air.

“Precisely, dear brother, tis a scam— My own scheme! I sit at this desk on high, and answer phones to this organization for Home Sweepstakes and these humans just give me their names. Freely!”

Twolipse and Guya exchanged nervous looks then looked at the eager Phreckle.

“It seems too good to be true, but we shall champion this… for now.”

—Three weeks later—

Haggard, Phreckle sets the phone down again as word has spread of her scheme across the human world— that fae were willing to exchange free room and board, life of leisure and all for but their names. She had thousands upon thousands now— more than she had Fae to take over for.

—Another three weeks, still—

Bremble, the first intrepid Fae to use this method had reported back the dire news all but too late! “Phreckle, you fool, what have you brought upon our house?!”

“Bremble? But you were settled in the earthly plain, why have you returned?? Can’t you see I’m -busy-…” said the exhausted Phreckle, working near non-stop for six weeks replied.

“Did you not halt to calculate CIRCUMSTANCES?! I have just been on hold with Collector of The Bank for several hours. I have no home, no money, no food! And for the first time in my 300 year life, with a soul I now feel a bizarre sensation of the hunger…!”

Phreckle grimaced as the calls on her line mixed between humans desperate to trade stations and former fae looking to get back home.

“Uhhhh, I’ll have to call you back.” She looked at Bremble nervously, “you won’t tell Mother will you?”

“Guya is aware already, you fool.”

“But I have another idea— hear me out! Every few weeks you hop into ANOTHER human and that way you can keep—!”

“ENOUGH, Phreckle! Now you’re introducing a MLM?! That’s why this vessel lost everything in the first place. Just… just put in your teo week notice and quit, already.”

-end-