They had come from beyond our shores, in the strangest storm ever, lightnings and thunder booming in a clear night sky. 

First, our kings had dismissed the omens. The weird storms happened far to the south, they said. Let the unruly tribes of nomads deal with them - It would be good for trade, as the nomads always fought over their superstitions, and war afar is always good for the price of grain and medicine.

But the tribes that went south to the spot of the lightnings never returned.

&amp;#x200B;

The city-state of Rytaln, at the southern edge of civilization, sent its militia to investigate. Hundreds of lancers, each carrying a heavy shield, long lance and shortsword. Each trained in battle formations against the swift cavalry raids of the nomads, quick to interlock their shields in a big wall and present only their firmly planted spears.

Only a courier came back, its shield pierced with a hole so small he was called a coward, so precisely drilled and fire-hardened that he was accused of making it himself. His tale of the storm coming to the ground and destroying his unit from beyond the horizon was dismissed as a coward's excuses, and the courier was quartered, torn apart by six beasts of burden.

But next time word came from Rytaln, it came in the guise of the rest of their militia coming north, towards our kingdom, through the swamps and jungle whose beasts made a long-standing natural border between them and the rest of civilization. Scouts began to report the corpses of great beasts left in their wake, quartered and butchered but untouched save for the butcher's knife.

&amp;#x200B;

The militia camped out in sight of the capital's walls and sent a single emissary to negotiate. They wanted supplies - a strange list of foodstuffs, water, beasts of burdens. They had sketches of metalwork they wanted, pieces fine enough to set our smiths to work for months, yet in useless and unappealing shapes. Rare gems, more than a year's worth of trade. They demanded all of that and safe passage through our territories to the north. And of cours, they offered no payment.

Our kings should have heeded the anxious body language of the emissary. They thought it was the fear of the country hick dealing with a true head of state.

It wasn't.

The emissary was laughed out of the city, running to avoid crossbow bolts aimed behind him.

That night, we understood fear.

They came swiftly. Small in stature, their armor was incredibly tight-fitting and hard. They simply jumped to the top of the city wall, fire erupting from their backs,  pushing them up silently. They did not even bother to kill the wall guard and jumped back from the wall to the palace. They went through the palace like a storm through a forest, thunder leaving only death in its wake. Defenses meant to confuse and delay invaders fell in minutes. Walls meant to fend off battering rams melted. Thick doors of metal barred by metal opened in a deafening noise, the force of their opening leaving them warped and blackened.

They did not stop moving for more than a few minutes at any obstacle, their weird, narrow crossbows calling thunder on whoever tried to stop them. In less than an hour, they were in the king's chambers and the king was dead at their feet.

&amp;#x200B;

To be fair to our new kings, they did not go around slaughtering the nobility or the populace. they simply proffered the list of demands the militia's emissary had given, had the militia move in the palace barracks, and waited.

"We need some downtime, Sarge" one of the strange invaders said. at dinner He had removed what we thought had been his skin , revealing it had only been a shell of something not quite like iron. The real monster was a lot smaller, frail. It had only two arms, and it was sloshing around a glass of venom. "We've been trekking in this mudhole for weeks, and the extraction point's still far. Let's have the locals make us some gear so we can make better time after"

&amp;#x200B;

The leader of the invaders, who was even smaller and hadn't been seen fighting himself at all , waved a small book over the food at the table before reading what it said. It looked at me and took a leg of Gritahn, known for its poisonous flesh. Every dish on the table was lethal, and I smiled as I saw another of the monsters swallow a piece of bread with extract of the Koroi plant in it. As the leader bit in the deadly flesh, it looked at me even as he answered his minion.

"Yeah. Ok. We get a week. Their artisans will need at least that, even with power tools to help them. But nobody leaves the castle without their gear on, and no solo party. Computer tells me all the food here's poison to them."

&amp;#x200B;

He waved me closer, and I came, rubbing my lower-forearms against my top-forearms in fear and producing the rattling of submissiveness.

"Dude, really. We just want to get on our way. No need to try and poison us, even if it worked it would only make us stay longer. Now can i please have some more of that thing?" He waved the half-eaten Gritahn leg at me. "tastes like chicken".