Put to the "holy" sword, cleansed in the holy fire. 

It would be laughable how these idiots follow their false doctrine to slay anyone in the path of the citadel. 

If they didn't just massacre my whole town...

These braindead brainwashed musclepuppets, trained to be glorious swordsmen and put anyone to the sword who their overlords point to as unjust and unholy blasphemers. Polishing their armour and faith more than they ever polished their minds. Using "holy" magic, bound through faith. 

Not knowing they are tapping in to the arcane, the healing arcane, bound by rules of faith and their beliefs.... Idiots.

Is it unjust of me to re animate these shining examples of how stupid one can be by blindly following faith or man's interpretation of it? 

To be honest, I don't give a flying f*ck. 

If their god is indeed real and I am to be judged before him, I'll give him the same treatment I have given these bastards.... 

Can I slay and reanimate a god? 
Hah, that's a lofty goal... I'm tempted to find out. 

If the citadel used them as braindead puppets than so will I. 

The battleslain commander, a big buffoon of a man heads taller than all these surrounding dead idiots, they believed he was anointed because of his big stature. To be slain by a bitter small 18 year old and used as my personal champion to exact revenge on the very order he swore his existence to. 

If God is real, he sure is a sadistic son of a bitch. 

My friends laughter I can never bring back through reanimation, 

My dogs I can bring back, their love won't be the same but atleast now they will heel and listen when I tell them to come, and drop whatever  is in their mouths.... Hell hounds tend to follow commands. 

But my irreplaceable research and books passed on by generations of necromancers before me, the books of my great grandfather and his fathers before him. I've lost them all and intend to pay for every drop of ink in pools of their blood. 

Now rise my champion, we've got work to do. 


Let's see how many of them we can send to meet your God.