Zelbi saved a picture of the meal before sampling it. It only required a thought, and the image was stored in the correct dataset for easy access and cross reference if needed.

They doubted this one would be needed, this ‘Big Breakfast’ was nutrient rich but hardly contained any sentimental value or emotional significance. Nor was it “cute”, decorated with little eye dots and dough ears like the dumplings Zelbi enjoyed on occasion. They included a certain affection and adoration implanted in them by the chef. A quaint emotion of course, and Zelbi was embarrassed to admit to enjoying it as much as they did. It could easily be found in some ‘Bento boxes’, meals intended for children, baked goods shaped like animals, that sort of thing. “Cute” food, they called it. 

Many connoisseurs of human culinary offerings valued the sentimentality and tradition of a home cooked dish, recipes passed down for generations. Chefs could only produce one meal every few months that felt truly meaningful and delicious enough, try to replicate it and cook one every day to sell, and the feeling is diluted. Any attempts to commoditise it would immediately render it bland and tasteless, filled with only tiredness and dull greed.

A few in the know shared the secret information that a traditional home cooked meal held a particularly delectable bitter sweetness in some conditions. If the chef’s ancestor, who was the previous owner of a recipe, recently transcended their mortal shell…. Zelbi shuddered at the bickering and machinations that transpired if such a chef was found. 

Some of their species had even darker tastes, seeking out the saddest humans to cook the favourite dish of their ex lover. Or gorged on the suffering and frustration of “fast food” workers. 

Zelbi telekinetically sliced their meal into bite sized pieces, hoping that at least these proteins weren’t slathered with boredom. Wouldn’t be a surprise in this backwater spaceport, but sometimes you can get a sort of perky alertness, if the chef is in a good mood and healthy. The humans sometimes attempted to accommodate such emotions. 

Zelbi carried a few little bottles of spice in their dimensional pocket space just in case. Some herbs grown with love, gathered and dried over the winter in quiet warmth. Peppers ground up by a very boisterous and energetic craftsperson. A bit of an oddity, salt that was intended as a treat for a beloved horse. And a particularly rare treasure, from before their species had much interaction with humans - a spice blend delightfully designed to remind the artisan of her home country.

Zelbi was immediately glad not to have added any condiments pre-emptively. This “Big Breakfast”! It was filled with childish glee and…. a trace of mischievousness? Feelings Zelbi had never imagined or encountered before! What a treasure and treat. Could it be replicated?

The egg and bread contained a fair amount of the wonderfully silly feeling, though the salad had hardly any. The sausage and two tomatoes placed carefully next to it were especially full of it.

For the first time in their life, and the first time for anyone in their species, Zelbi made an involuntary noise akin to a giggle.