"Wait, what do you mean it isn't?" asked Gareth, shocked, "It's right here in the book! Look!"

He opened his copy of the Player's Handbook and slid it across the table. It skidded neatly to a halt in from of the Dungeon Master, displaying the *Wizard* class.

"That's page 113, for Wizard!" said Gareth, "Then if you turn the page, page 115 has the subclasses. I didn't pick Abjuration because it sounds boring."

Beth, who was currently playing an Abjuration Wizard, starred daggers at Gareth and crossed her arms.

"So I went over the page - there's Installation Wizard," said Gareth, happily.

The Dungeon Master turned the page, and suddenly, right after where *School of Divination* was in the handbook, the style of the book change drastically. The font and size was different - in fact, it looked like the page had been pulled out of an entirely different book. It read:

*As a member of the school of installation, your abilities are of great repute! Congratulation! Words can not express how your abilities as a member will increase much. In this chapter we will go-over how to use your skills to ensure that trouble-makers are dealt with, including:*

- *Using the End User License agreement to withdraw problematic support from troublesome individuals*
- *Helping your colleagues in their goals as a helper to make things happen*
- *Adding more documentation to your personal notes*

*As you gain levels in this course your competencies will increase. A second level you will become very skilled with the End User Licence agreement...*

"Bloody misprints," said the Dungeon Master, grumbling to himself, "Gareth, how did you think this was actually a part of this book? Look, at the bottom it says *Supporting installations within the lot of your business*. This is clearly a poorly translated misprint of a page in another book! I don't even know how this ended up in here!"

"I've actually heard about this," said Beth, "Sometimes Handbooks get printed upside down, or back-to-front, or with errors. I suppose this could have happened if there was a *really* big mistake at the printing plant."

"I thought it worked, though!" said Gareth. The entire table groaned, "No, really! Listen, Advocat my Tabaxi Wizard grew up in the Nine Hells, where he was an apprentice to a Rakshasa - you know, those Fiends! It was there he discovered a love of the legal texts in the soul contracts, and that worked into his wizardry. I thought it was great that a school like that existed for him!"

"Wait," said the Dungeon Master, "So what did you think '*Using the End User License agreement to withdraw problematic support from troublesome individuals*' meant?"

"I thought it was a debuff I could place on my enemies," replied Gareth.

"And '*Adding more documentation to your personal notes*'?"

"More spell scrolls for my spellbooks?" said Gareth.

"Alright, what about the bit I just pointed out? '*The lot of your business*'?"

"Party business?" said Gareth hopefully.

The Dungeon Master pulled out his own copy of the Player's Handbook and slid it across the table towards Gareth. "Okay, this is absolutely absurd. For the rest of this session, please play Advocat like he's an Evocation Wizard as in my copy of the handbook. I can't derail the whole session because of this."

Gareth looked dejected at the idea, his expression sinking in despair. But the Dungeon Master wasn't finished.

"But between the end of this session and the next one, when I've got time," said the Dungeon Master, "We'll work on a homebrew Contract Wizard subclass for you, because absurd or not that sounds like an absolutely awesome concept to play and I want to see how it turns out."

Gareth's face lit up once more, and they got back to the rest of the session.