“How do you not have rent? Seriously, you’re like a thous-“  
  
“Shut up with that ageism crap already! Fucks sake, it’s not like you keep a job! Too busy going full murderhobo on everyone who even looks at you crosswise! Fuck. I spent the rent money alright? Even I have to eat - you think bloods cheap? It’s not! I’ll have it back Monday,”  
  
The look of disbelief Stu shot at his roommate should have made him renounce his pagan beliefs and take up something sensible, like Catholicism. At least then he’d enjoy watching him go up in flames and be a little warmer.  
  
“Ok Thursday at the latest. The latest! We always pay, don’t give me that… look I’ll call the landlord ok? Blood of martyrs…”   
  
Not for the first time Stu considered whether or not to just bite the bullet and live on the streets for a bit. It wouldn’t take much work. The butchers knife was right there, Lucas hadn’t eaten yet so he couldn’t have much blood in him. A quick stab with the emergency stake, a little choppy chop, ten minutes with the mop and then out the door to find a place for a pyre. With a sigh he let the thought go as his stomach rumbled. Lucas wasn’t the only one trying to eke by. Time for another night of beans on crackers.  
  
“Hi Mr. Chen so lovely to talk to you. I was just calling about this months rent. I’m having a bit of,” Lucas’ voice in the kitchen trailed off abruptly, “Mr. Chen wait, just a second, the first is… yes I know we’ve been late the last two..Mr. Chen. Mr Chen!”  
  
Stu paused from shaking the saltine package, getting all the crumbs in his mouth or his beard. He looked over at Lucas, the pale skin and sunken eyes making him look more like a ghoul than a vampire. The offended expression on his face would be funny, except for the sinking feeling in Stu’s stomach.  
  
“So, you know how we both hate living here right? Well, Mr. Chen makes three! And he told us to get out,” Lucas wouldn’t make eye contact, they’d talked about that, but there was something shifty about how he wouldn’t look near Stu’s face either, “by Wednesday.”  
  
“Wednesday”  
  
“Yeah, that’s what he said,”  
  
“He has to give us thirty days… what. What’s that look for?”  
  
“Wellllllll, y’see, I may have needed to pay off a witness last month and OH FUCK!”  
  
Stu lunged at Lucas. Emergency stake be damned, he’d rip his fucking head off with his bare hands.  
  
“YOU BRIBED SOME RANDOM SCHMUCK WITH OUR RENT MONEY!”  
  
It had been a long time since Stu got over how weak vampires were. Unless freshly or continuously fed, they were scrawny little pansies. It was all the other tricks you had to watch out for - mist, bats, wolves, hypnotism, occult magic, thralls, lesser undead, the Transylvania specials, his teacher called them. So he wasn’t exactly surprised to find that he was kicking Lucas’ ass all around their living room, one hand tangled around his throat, the other punching him in his stupid face.  
  
“Will, ow, you, fuck ow, fuck stop agh stop hit ow fuck fuck prick you,” Lucas just beat on Stu’s arms ineffectually, head snapping back with every strike.   
  
“ITS THREE BLOCKS YOU STUPID FUCKING FAN..”  
  
  
“SHUT UP! I’M CALLING THE COPS ON YOU TWO IF I HERE ONE MORE WORD! SHUT! UP!”  
  
Both men froze, hearing the dreaded shriek of their neighbor, Gladys Maxwell. Stu had sent two requests in for investigation of witchcraft, both denied, and he knew Lucas had inquired as well. The dolls, the slightly poisonous baked goods, the thousand cats, the lingering stares - Stu would rather have a fist-fight with a troll than talk with Gladys.  
  
Silence. Sweet, sweet silence. Lucas didn’t breathe, and Stu forgot how while they waited to see what kind of trouble the rest of the night would bring. Fortune smiled, and they heard cats yowling in the distance. They kept still for a while longer, praying to gods above and below for salvation, before finally they heard her crooning at her cats in the distance. Stu looked down at Lucas, who looked relieved. Then he punched him in the eye once more for good measure and let go.  
  
“Fuckkkk that stings you insensitive bloodbag. You know I haven’t eaten today.” The dark circles around Lucas’ eyes were deeper. Maybe. Vampires don’t bruise.  
  
“Look, someone caught me and they shook me down before helping me toss the goblin’s corpse. I needed a meal and I was trying not to spend money. I figured, my lucks gotta swing sometime right? I mean, I can’t lose forever, it’s not possible.”  
  
Stu looked at the man on the ground before looking around the apartment. Two years. Two years of one bathroom and a galley kitchen, a small couch and a flatscreen tv. The walls were as beaten up as Lucas and as worn down as he felt. Two years of paying more than he could afford to live in this shithole and now he had to move. Stu slumped on the couch, burying his head in his hands. The coppery tang of blood hit his nose before the cold tap of a bottle reached his knuckles. He grabbed it and muttered his thanks while Lucas sipped his blood box in the corner, looking like the worlds least grown up goth and his juice box. The beer was one of the last ones in the fridge. It was so old it probably would make him sick in the morning but fuck it. Sometimes you just need a drink.  
  
“I don’t have any more money Lucas. I got fired again. There was a rakshasha, it ambushed me in the back room, I’m lucky they didn’t press charges. When they saw the size of the “cat” that I killed, I think they let it be.”  
  
“I’m sorry.”  
  
“This is the cheapest place I could find. That you could find. I mean I guess I can go bum around from church to church for a while but,” Stu trailed off before setting the cold bottle against his forehead and closing his eyes.  
  
“But that might bring someone not restricted like me to the doors. I know Stuart.”  
  
“Don’t call me Stuart.”  
  
Silence again, longer. Long enough that Stu felt that maybe it was done, that maybe it was the last time his strange roommate and him would coexist. Would he be getting a kill notice for a rogue vampire soon? Stu didn’t know.  
  
“There’s… there’s one way I can fix it. But you need to promise me something first.”