He blinked.

"...Beg ya pardon?"

"I want a sick as fuck sword." The king repeated. "Well, it doesn't *have* to be a sword, maybe you'd prefer making a lance or axe?"

"That ain't the point I was tryin' to arg-"

"But *all* those famous weapons nowadays are swords, y'know? I think it'd really help improve my, ah, countenance!"

The King, the *Scarlet King of the North*, who was famed for his frosty bearing, ruthless personality, and general all-around unapproachable presence, was now *excitedly chattering about swords.*

Was he being deceived?

He'd heard numerous tales about the Scarlet King, of how he rose to prominence amidst the throes of conflict and restored peace to the nation through great effort. A man who was said to be so regal, that he inspired awe and respect with every step.

*This* was him? Something didn't add up.

Subtly, the blacksmith eyed the king's robes. Rather than the gaudy and eye-catching robes normally present whenever the king was in public, he was now garbed in a simple set of tunic and trousers. If not for the royal emblem on his top, he could probably pass off as a simple civilian.

Though that necklace of his was still there...

Wait a minute...

*...Oh?*

The blacksmith's hand shot forth like a striking viper, reaching the pendant without a break in stride.

"H-hey! What are you-"

And then he *yanked.*

The illusion came undone the second the necklace came free, and the royal guards brought their weapons to bear.

"What do you think you're doing?!" One shouted.

Not that the blacksmith cared. He was more concerned with the 'king' in front of him.

A brat. One who couldn't have been older than sixteen. Even when he was standing to full height, the kid barely passed over his head while seated.

The blacksmith's eyes narrowed. His gaze roved over the boy, and then to the guards still holding their staves at the ready.

Idly, he brushed the handle of *Tengai Soragiri*.

"I can explain! So please calm down!" The boy urgently raised his hand, and the guards seemed to reluctantly accede.

Even his voice sounded different, now a boyish rasp rather than the booming tone of before.

The boy sat back down, palming his hand to his forehead. "I...apologise for tricking you, my good sir. But make no mistake, I *am* the king."

"You're a pint-sized brat."

The guard nearest to him gripped his stave tighter.

"What do you know of this country's civil war?" The king asked.

The blacksmith cocked his head. "That? Not a lot. Only know that during the Succession Trials someone assassinated the heir apparent. Then shit went out of control as everyone with a chance to the throne started fighting over it."

"That's right." The king affirmed. "And the records state that I was the one that quelled the conflict and stopped my relatives from massacring each other.

The blacksmith nodded. This was all in line with what he'd previously known.

"The truth is that all of them are dead."

He froze.

The king sighed. "I...I was the only one left alive after all was said and done. I was made king by default because *there was no one else*. They were all so obsessed over the crown that they ended up killing each other off! I didn't even want this! But with all of them gone *I didn't have a choice!*"

"Why..." The blacksmith wet his lips. "Why'd you hide it then?"

His client rolled his eyes. "Picture this: everyone in the royal family is now conveniently dead, and I have zero obstacles to having unlimited control over the country. What would the people think?"

The blacksmith snorted. *Fair enough.*

"And that's why I have to wear that charm, too. If it got out that a seventeen year old was the new king, I'd either get a knife to my back within a night, or have to deal with asshole politicians that want to puppet me."

The blacksmith nodded, then turned to face the guard closest to him. "And y'all are fine with this?"

He got a stern glare in return. "King Avos bears a great burden upon his shoulders. It is our duty, nay, our *honour* to serve his cause. Our King has already sacrificed too much for our country."

"And I already told you, Sir Dameron, this is just part of my duty." The bra-King Avos replied cooly, though none in the room could deny the presence of the blush staining his face.

Slowly, the pieces started to fit together in the blacksmith's head.

A boy who was forced to sacrifice his childhood to serve his nation. Who had seen too much strife at such a tender age, and was now thrust into a position of power that shackled his every action.

*Alright. I've heard enough.*

The blacksmith stood up from his seat, before slowly lowering himself into a kneeling position.

"I go by many titles." He began.

"The Black Forger of Mt. Raimei, the Demonic Bladesmith, the One Who Slew Ten Thousand Oni."

He raised his head to meet the king's gaze.

"But you, King Avos, may call me Muramasa Kazuchi, your personal blacksmith."

He smiled.

"I'll make you the sickest fucking sword the world will ever see."

\~fin\~