Farris inherited his shop before the opening of the Great Pass and subsequently the Portals of Passing. At first he bought and sold mostly odd trinkets, basic potions, weapons and armor to the city guards and civil patrols, but eventually moved on to produce and fruit in particular. The main reason for trading in fruit was that it was so much more profitable. It was a bureaucratic nightmare to get past the city gates and when traffic was heavy it could take days to get through, even more so during the harvest season when farmers from the country would come with their carts and wagons laden full of fruits and vegetables, probably traveling at least a few days. With farms to tend to and their products being highly perishable, farmers found it was a better idea to sell to the gate merchants than to the shops and stalls in the city. Most of the farmers money was made from grain sales anyway, so they were very willing to sell their produce for cheap, which could then be sold to the merchants in the city for a relatively high markup. Farris decided to specialize in fruit, because he liked fruit, but more importantly, it had a higher profit margin. His early days of selling to the city guards and his “honest goods for an honest price” attitude had earned him a Most Preferred Merchant certificate, which allowed him to cut through most of the bureaucratic red tape. Since the certificate was earned before he started trading in fruit, he still kept his old business in trading odds and ends open, although it hardly made him any money, but those goods were non-perishable and the odd customer or two still kept it legitimate.

After the opening of the Great Pass, Farris’ odds and ends business saw a small uptick, but it was still marginal compared to his fruit business. Since he was one of the few businesses that could trade in weapons, armors and trinkets, he found that many adventurers returning from various quests would sell their loot to him. While he was able to resell most of the mundane items, he kept most of the more unique items the adventurers sold him, partly because he wasn’t really sure how much these things were worth, some may have been priceless, partly because he was a responsible citizen and didn’t think a Master Blade of Eminent Slaying or some such to fall into the hands of nefarious characters, but mostly because having those items allowed him to live vicariously through those adventurers. The more items he collected, however, the more the call of adventure pulled to him, until one day he decided to pass his shop down to his daughter and begin his own adventure. Besides what could go wrong when he had a Legendary Elven Bow of Homing, Ancient Mithril Autoreflect Armor and a Lightsaber?