Zoruk eyed the humans, with little emotion.   
the short humans looked back with much emotion.

The government had decided that the newest mission, was for Earth to learn from the new species, that decided to greet the humans, even if they were a bit haughty.   
After all it was a new world. And humans are known for being curious. 

As a guide, Zoruk had volunteere/ordered/threatened to help out. 

Zoruk didn’t particularly enjoy this idea but did it anyways.   
it was better than losing your head anyways.   


”So. Zoruk. How long will it take to get to your planet.”

Zoruk thought for a moment then replied,

”3 Months in your *human* time.”

He said human as one may say something like a preacher saying shit, something so alien in ones mouth they must sound it out.   


The one supposed to lead the Misson was Commander Xavier. He didn’t much like her, but he couldn’t leave now unless he wanted to die painfully with the stars. 

Xavier seemed to be the only one that didn’t shiver in his very presence which got on his nerves. He was higher than *them.*  He was practically a *god*. Yet she Greeted him like she’d known him since he was a young Xia’v.

The first week went well Enough.   
He refused to eat the *human* food, though he was quite hungry.   


Xavier offered him something called a orange. It looked slimy and gross but he refused to try it. 

At last, it was thirst what got him.

”Xavier, is there anything *tasteful* on this god forsaken ship? To drink?”   
he asked, tired.

she grinned. 

”we have Hot Coca“

”Hot what?”

He soon discovered not all Human food was bad, and that whatever a *Pb&amp;J* was wasn’t as terrible as it appeared. 

another Week passed with more progress.   


it appeared *humans* did not eat their own hair. He was glad to know that was only a rumor. Eating ones hair is disgusting. And they also did not hatch from eggs. Curious. 

Zoruk didn‘t particularly hate Xavier anymore. And he didn’t Particularly like the other crewmates shaking in fear.

maybe Humans aren’t terrible after all.