Sam stared through the glass door at his new student, Lola Yismane. His new, 350-years-old, grandmaster of water magic, greatest healer in the known world, student, Lola Yismane.

Oh, he so couldn't do this.

But he had to--the position was literally forced upon him by the grand council, as he was the only non-apprentice fire mage available to take on a new student in the next two hundred leagues. Why Grandmaster Yismane couldn't wait for someone more fitting was beyond him. Maybe she just wanted to make some young fire mage squirm?

Ah, he was overthinking things. He didn't need to be around her for too long anyway. Just needed to open the door of fire magic to her and then he could go hide under his covers for a week.

With the thought of his very comfortable bed in mind, he plastered a smile on his face, and opened the door. "Good morning, Grandmaster Yismane."

The grandmaster, previously looking out through the window to the gardens below, turned to him. She had a kind smile on her face. "Good morning. But please"-she held up a hand-"I am not a grandmaster within these rooms. I am simply Lola, apprentice to my new mentor, Sam."

Sam chuckled in what he prayed wasn't a hysterical manner. "Right, right. Okay, then Lo--nope, can't do it. Even if you're my student, you're still my elder, I can't just call you by your name. I feel like my grandfather'll rise from his grave and hit my knuckles with a spoon."

Grandmaster Yismane giggled. "Very well, Mentor. But please, just call me Ms. Yismane."

Sam nodded. "Okay, I can do that." He clapped his hands together. "So, Ms. Yismane, you want to learn fire magic?" He winced as the words left his throat--of course she did, why else was she here?"

Thankfully, she took pity on him. "I do." She turned back to the window. He could see her reflection in the glass--she looked a little sad. "...I simply wish to expand my magical repertoire."

"Sure," Sam said. "But, and forgive my asking, why fire magic? Wind magic would be a better fit, I think? The flow of energy is similar enough to water magic. Far closer than fire magic." Sam would know. He'd tried his hand at all the elements and concepts magic had to offer before he found his calling with fire magic.

She turned to him, lips curled into a wry smirk. "Well, I always did like a challenge." She turned back to the window, and Sam could see her face twitch in the reflection. "I also...wish to learn more about the life-giving majesty that is the flame."

Sam blinked. What had she said? That was...He gulped. "That's wrong."

Grandmaster Yismane slowly turned to Sam, one eyebrow cocked expectantly. "I beg your pardon?" She said imperiously. Offended, because obviously who was some neophyte like Sam to correct a *grandmaster*? 

But even if Sam was, magically speaking, slime beneath her boot, he couldn't let any new student of fire magic come in with any misconceptions. "Fire doesn't give life. Fire's only purpose is to destroy."

Grandmaster Yismane stepped forward. "It gives us warmth, does it not? Provides light within the darkness. Without it, our ancestors would never have been able to explore past the hovels they called home."

"Sure." Sam pulled at his collar, beginning to sweat under the grandmaster's scrutiny. "But those are all unintended benefits. Humans appropriated fire for their own purposes. Within nature it's sole meaning is to destroy whatever it touches." Grandmaster Yismane opened her mouth, but Sam barreled on. "Think of it like this--do any other creatures in nature use fire? No, because they can't. There's no practical reason why they should. Every other element and concept has beneficial and natural purposes--water's obvious, it's the source of all life. Earth too. Gravity, self-explanatory. Even electricity--it's how the nervous system of almost any organism functions." Sam took a deep breath. "But not fire. Fire has no natural benefit to the world outside of burning things away. Humans have learned to use it for other purposes, but that's unique to us. We forced fire into those roles. If left alone, the only thing fire's going to do is destroy." 

Grandmaster Yismane stared blankly at Sam.

He shook his head, face heating up. "I'm sorry. I'm sure I overstepped or something, but that's the truth of it. You can't go into fire magic expecting to do anything other than harm." She just...kept staring. Sam gulped. "I-I'll talk to the grand council, convince them this was a mistake." He whirled around, forcing himself to walk--not sprint--for the door.

"My hometown was raided by bandits," Grandmaster Yismane said. Sam stopped, slowly turning around. She looked so old as she stumbled back a few steps, resting against the glass. "I was a little girl, barely older than you. I lost...everything." Her voice cracked, the beginning of tears forming in her eyes. "I'd always wanted to learn magic, but after that day I *needed* to. And when I discovered my affinity with water magic, I was overjoyed. I'd thought to myself that it was enough, to be able to heal the injured. Help people pick up the pieces of their ruined lives." Grandmaster Yismane tilted her head down, her hands clenching into fists. "I was wrong. For decades, all I've ever done is clean up after the fact. Wash away the mess, leaving behind bloody stains. I don't--" her voice cracked. "...I want to make it so that people don't have be healed in the first place." She lifted her head up, eyes ablaze with fury. "I want to burn the problem at the root!"

Sam stared at the Grandmaster, giving her a moment to clean her face and compose herself. "Well, then" he said. "That's certainly...a correct mindset."

Grandmaster Yismane blushed. "I'm sorry for my outburst. A rather vulgar motivation isn't it? For someone to harbor all these years?"

"Yeah," Sam admitted. "But almost all fire mages are a little touched in the head. Honestly that's not even the worst goal I've heard. This one guy I know, his endgoal is to be able to create his own sun." Sam chuckled. "Crazy, I know. Besides, from what I've heard, the chemical process the sun undergoes isn't even combustion."

"You're not...disgusted?" Grandma--Lola, sounded so small.

Sam scratched his chin. "Well, I'd hope you wouldn't go around and start immolating anyone that looks at you wrong--don't want to give the rest of us a bad name." Lola chuckled, her previous despair vanishing by the second. "But no, I'm not disgusted--again not the worst motivation I've heard by far. Besides, what you decide to do with what I teach you is your business. I just want to make sure that you take the right steps forward."

Lola beamed at him. "I appreciate that, I truly do."

Sam blushed, but from pleasant embarrassment as opposed to his previous abject mortification. 

He cleared his throat. "Well, if we're going to do this, might as well start with the basics." Same clapped his hands. When he pulled them apart, two small flames were burning in the center of his palms. "The fancy term for lighting things on fire is known as 'combustion'. It can only be performed when oxygen is present." Lola stepped forward, shadows dancing across her face, eager to absorb every scrap of knowledge Sam had to offer.

\-\_-\_-\_-\_-\_-\_-

I'd meant to post this hours ago, but had to go to work.

Let me know how I can improve.