There was milk everywhere. In the cracks of the tile, under the fridge, everywhere. I crawled along the floor with a rag in each hand while I tried to soak up the mess. I was already late. I was so late. Now I don't think I will even make the movie, and he's probably there waiting for me right now. I blew a waft of hair out of my eyes as I continued my dairy crawl across the kitchen. I had raced home from the grocery store, watching the sun get lower and lower in the sky worried that the milk was going bad with every passing minute. Even as it sank below the horizon while I pulled into my garage I thought I could save it. I scoffed at the memory; I guess it didn't matter after all. DING DONG.

My head popped up from behind the kitchen island like a gopher, craning my neck towards the front door. Who in the world? No, you know what, I'm not going to answer it, I have a date to make. I dropped back down to the floor and continued to mop up the mess. If I just get the major stuff, the kitchen won't smell too bad when I get home and I can just clean up the rest at that point...DING DONG. I sighed in exasperation. I ordered something didn't I? And they need a signature. I threw the rags onto the floor and picked myself up. Fine, 10 seconds of my time and I can get going again. I ran to the door with no regard to the giant wet spots on my jeans which looked vaguely like the old patches mom used to sew on them when I was a kid. Why could they not make faded patches to match the jean color? Did they think their jeans never fade...

My breath shuddered straight out of my body. Motionless I stood there, my mouth agape, my tongue dry, the milk.. forgotten.

"Trick or treat!" she said.

Oh God... it's today. I stared in horror at the little girl framed in my doorway, wrapped in black garments. The moonlight casting a pallid glow in her face and hand, which was outstretched to me. Her fingers curled away to reveal a small ghostly palm, empty and beckoning. Dark strands of hair encircled her face which had all of the qualities and features of a child of 8 years old, but aged and decrepit - a mockery of the innocent face of a child. I pulled my eyes away to see the moon, drifting in its full, silvery radiance across the sky. How... how did I not see? How did I not realize what night this was? A night which would forever make my skin crawl. I looked back at the girl, quietly beckoning in the doorway. Her black hair had a wet quality to it, tangled and matted. The bangs hung into her eyes which mercifully obscured them in shadow, as I could not bring myself to look into them. I instead regarded her face which looked as though she had been in water for so long, the skin would fall away at the slightest touch. It was then her lips curled back in a mocking smile revealing teeth unlike anything I had ever seen; a strange mix of green and black and almost oozing. Her hand, outstretched, pushed further - insisting, demanding. The eyes, though in shadow, still somehow shifted in intensity.

"I... um.. yes.. I have... one second..." I stuttered. I just needed to give her a treat. Just give her a treat, and she will go away, the old woman had said. It won't make her go away for good, but you will be safe until the next full moon. Until the next full moon, but I thought I had more time. Do I even have a treat? As if in reflex I search my pockets. Why would I have treats on me? I don't carry treats, what am I doing? Sure enough my search reveal no treats.

"Trick or TREAT!" the girl cried out happily. But it was sinister, over the top. And the end of the phrase reached an almost shrill pitch. A shiver ran through my soul. "Yes. I will. One... just please wait..." The kitchen. I have to have something there.

I backed away from the girl, urging my feet and legs to work. Groping for the entrance to the hall, I stumbled backwards in retreat. The hand stretched further in pursuit. Beckoning, urging, shaking as if in rage, but her nightmarish smile never wavered. With all of my effort, I pulled my eyes away from her and hurled myself towards the kitchen. I began tearing through my cabinets, looking for something, anything. I just needed a treat and she will go away. Then I will be safe until next full moon. Safe? Why did the woman use the word safe? Was it the casual meaning? Like I wouldn't have to worry about it? Or does she mean... upended boxes of cereal joined the milk on the floor. In my mind I raced through everything I had, anything that could be considered a treat. Jesus I was just at the fucking store, why didn't I think to get..

"TRICK OR TREAT!!!!!!" a blood=curdling scream issued from the front door. A request no more, but now a demand. A threat. My breath caught in my throat as I stood there, tiny in the silence that followed. My hand had closed around a container in the refrigerator. This was the leftover dessert I brought home from our last date. When he smiled at me as he dropped me off at the house. As I walked in the door, the promise given for another date. I took the container out of the fridge and ran to the door. I held the container before me as I ran around the corner, an offer to appease her. And there, in the doorway was nothing but the pale glow of moonlight where she stood. As though she had evaporated into the silver nimbus of ether. I had not given her anything. I did not give her the treat. The old woman did not say what would happen if the ghost did not get a treat...