"Wait, what?" the noble knight said and stared at his blade - he was told it was of the highest quality and... the logic checked out.

"No man can slay me, fool!" the warlock laughed.

"But this is a sword."

The warlock stared at the knight for a moment, lost for words. "Y-yes, yes it is."

"The sword is not a human," the knight continued.

"Wait seriously? That's not what that means," the warlock fired back; he didn't even bother throwing in an insult, being genuinely confused. "Look, it was made by a human, you're a human and-

"Oh hold on then, let me try something," the knight said casually. The warlock furrowed his eyebrows and raised his hands to cast a spell but paused. Looking down, he saw the knight's hand... elbow deep in his chest. Blood poured from his mouth as he managed to utter a single word.

"How?"

And with that, the Warlock slumped over, dead, the knight standing above him.

"Is he dead?" the noble knight said - yet his mouth did not move.

"I can't see. Hold on," the noble knight said in a different voice - yet his mouth did not move. 

Suddenly, his head snapped back as if he was nearly decapitated, only hanging by a... latch? No blood, no meat, only a hole from which peeked out a rat.

"Looks dead," the rat said and twitched its whiskers.

"You sure?" another voice came from within the suit of armour.

"I- I mean he's got a fist-sized hole in his sternum Gary, you tell me," the head rat snapped back.

"Hey, just making sure. Don't want another Elerland situation, right?"

The head rat rubbed its eyes with one paw as it recalled the situation in Elerland. Who knew a single mimic could be that much trouble - and don't even mention the *paperwork*.

"Right, well, this fellow's as dead as they get. I'd like to record a special commendation for mechanic Rattskin for these hand hydraulics. This was..." the rat said and looked down at the bloody corpse of the warlock, "...*yikes*. Effective, though."

"Commendation... noted," another voice, located near the left elbow, rang out, followed by the subtle sound of a quill scratching on paper.

"We oughta go back," the head rat said, skittering back into the knight's body and closing the faux head. "If we make haste, we can collect the reward and still make it to Breeze's Cheeses before they close."

An uproar of squeaky cheers echoed through the armour as the knight somewhat clumsily turned around and set out to the town.

Another honest day's work.