"This is proof of a deterministic future ij accordance with Seidr's Third Law!" shouted Magister Maximillian Montrose, dropping the papers on the table.

"It is not!" responded the gnome Pallabar Pumpernink, "These are just projections. We are masters of the weave, not the other way around!" He red face as red as his nose behind his white beard.

Asulfhed Galdrinn set down his half-full glass and picked up the papers in front ot him. He skimmed them over the rim of his glasses. "But if these projections are true, it would confirm Merlin's hypothesis," he said, speaking through the papers at the other two.

Maximillian opened his mouth, but before a word could emerge Galdrinn continued, "and further reinforce Seidr's Third Law as a universal constant, yes we heard you the first dozen times."

"It isn't just that though," the young Magister replied. "it would confirm that Divination is not a unique school of magic but rather simply a method by which to determine all magicks."

"That would be quite a revelation, if true." Pallabar muttered as he sank back into the chair. "Strange how they require their own weaves to operate, structurally different than the other schools."

"Fire and Ice magicks each require their own structures despite just being displacement of energy." the Magister grew a smug grin as Pallabar grumbled into his beer.

"It makes sense though. If everything we do is just atom interacting with each other then it would make sense that magick works the same." Maximillian continued. "Just as an eclipse happens as a result of the sun and moon and earth aligning; perhaps instead of instigating these conflicts as masters of the Arcane Weave as we have assumed, mages are drawn to these points of conflict by the Weave in order to trigger these events?"

"RIDICULOUS!" Pallabar shouted, foam from his beer spraying across the table. "We. Are. Wizards. Wisest and most knowledgeable of all Beings. We are not the result of forces, but those who compel those forces to act."

Galdrinn brushed the foam away from the papers as he read the reports from the United States Geological Survey. It laid out various metrics by which they were claiming to predict coming geological events.

"We don't even know if these are accurate! What mages were fighting in New Texas? The Order of the Blue Star have kept the peace for 20 years." Pallabar stared at Maximillian. "These may predict that these phenomena may occur independently of our actions."

"Regardless, we need to investigate to confirm or reject the findings." Galdrinn set the papers down with a map on top. "These predict a significant event in Colorado within 6 weeks, I propose we three venture forth."

"Master, are you sure? You haven't left the Tower in 600 years." Maximillian looked shocked as the words left his mouth.

"Let him live a little, the last true Sage of the North!" Pallabar tokk another swig of beer.

"And you, the last Gnome." Galdrinn pointed at Pallabar and Pallabar grew quiet.

"And you, my greatest apprentice." Galdrinn pointed at Maximillian whose face reddened to match Pallabar.

"Tomorrow, we head for Yellowstone." Galdrinn finished his glass of wine.