Trigger warning - death of loved one, heart attack. Criticism welcome.  


The man was moments away from death, and I couldn’t believe my luck. The man looked to be in his 70s and was having an impressively large heart attack. As far as deaths go it wasn’t the worst. He was on the side of the road, the nearby Autobin had malfunctioned and was overflowing which wasn’t ideal, and the noise of the magnetic trains above was an annoyingly high pitch, but on the flip side, it looked like his whole family was there with him and that’s sort of like hitting the jackpot of dying.  
  
The man's wife was screaming, she was extremely attractive and that made me feel even less sympathy for the dying man.  
“Please, please anyone! We need a doctor! Someone call Robodocs please!” she screamed.  
A few people already had their Holophones out and were doing just that but I knew there was nothing Robodocs, or Humodocs for that matter, was going to be able to do for this guy. Some heart attacks are just your last.  
  
The man's two children, both in their middle ages, were on their knees holding their dad's hands. He couldn’t talk, he just looked at his daughter and couldn’t take his eyes away from her, which I thought was a bit brutal for his son.  
I walked up and knelt beside the man, his kids looked up at me hopeful.  
“Look kids, you’re not going to want to hear this but your dads going to die very soon. I can’t heal him, but I am a Registered Necromancer employed by Titan Energy…” the kids look mortified, necromancers still have such a stigma. I guess people also don't love the idea that the cities biggest energy company relied on their reanimated loved ones pushing huge turbines for eternity to generate electricity...
“...Now I’m not sure if you know much about necromancy but if you let me raise your father moments after dying that makes him about as fresh as a corpse can be, and that’s the type of stuff Titan pays very good money for, and let’s not forget Titan Energy powers this city and all the things we hold dear….”.  
I saw the punch coming a mile away but I’m in my late 50s and I’m a good 100 pounds overweight so there wasn’t much I could do.  
  
“Get the hell away from my dad you piece of shit!” said the son, his anger potentially exacerbated by the fact his dad clearly didn’t love him as much as his daughter.  
“Ok, ok, take it easy. Take some time in these final moments, go, we’ll talk when it’s over in a minute.”  
Some people really do handle grief poorly, I thought as I went to a nearby vending machine and got a can of Gnome Soda. I rubbed my cheek and started doing the maths. If I could raise this man within 5 minutes of death it would be worth at least 30,000 credits and that’s pretty much my rent covered for a month. 10 minutes after death and I’m down to 10,000 credits, and then in the 11-30 minute window, I’m down to the base fee of 3,000 credits. Needless to say, it was important that this man die quickly (less another mancer show up and we have to get into a bidding war), and his hot wife and kids needed to let go quickly and ideally accept a low ball offer for the corpse.  
  
The man still lay there frozen, staring at his daughter, he knew it was coming and in his last breath, he reached out and touched her face. The whole family wailed, and he took his last breath. As I said, pretty much the jackpot of dying.  
  
I waited 45 seconds, the wailing would turn to a more reserved despair in a few seconds and that was my time to strike.  
I saw my opening and took it, “Now, I know this is a difficult time for you and please accept my sincere sympathies…”