A thundering sound was heard as the ritual came to a climactic finish. Thunder and lightning roared as the portal drawn in the wall started to gain a life of its own. The 10 symbols on the wall started glowing brightly with an unfathomable colour that words could not even remotely describe. They pulsed and glowed, a stinging, low humming sound echoing through the majestic chamber. 


The gate opened with a powerful whooshing sound and a gust of wind so strong that brought all cultists to their knees. Before any of them could speak or react, a booming, deep voice spoke. "FOOLISH MORTALS. AGAIN?". A sillouette stepped out of the gate and gazed upon the dimly lit room. It was a male figure, around 12 feet tall, dressed to the absolute nines with the finest silk robes the cultists had ever laid eyes on.  But something was amiss. Something wasn't quite right. Valcra, head cultist spoke first. "Lord Agarnea we bow our pathetic little heads before your glorious form of utter and absolute destruction. We beg of you to grant us the power to turn this world to ashes and rebuild it in your image, your will. 


The godlike being stood still, pondering his next words. He seemed rather taken aback from Valcra's comment. "Agarnea?" he wearily uttered? Do I look like my sister, MORTAL?" A shivering chill raced through Valcra's spine as his face had changed more colours than one would be able to name. "W-w-w-we did th-th-th-the spell correctly. W-w-w-we prepared everything down to the very letter for this moment. For the moment that our lord Agarnea would grace us with his destructive greatness". 

The being laughed. He laughed loud and heartily for he was very amused by the situation he found himself in. He looked at the terrified faces of the cultists and by temporarily stifling his laugh, he said. "Pronouns mortals. Bloody pronouns! Agarnea is a SHE and SHE can only be summoned by using the correct pronoun. Your spell called forth the terror beyond the reach, the schism of sanity, HIS destructive majesty. You never specified that you were calling for HER or uttered HER name. By the way, mortal, my name is Arnog. Just so you know. "

Valcra was absolutely speechless. His color now pale, words barely coming out of his mouth, instead resorting to grunts and other such guttural sounds. "We demand for our goddess to come forth and for you to leave" he muttered. "Irgnia, metalstoy, FARGASTE!". A blast of eldritch energy came hurling out of Valcra's hands and heading directly towards Arnog. The blast hit him head on but he barely flinched. Instead, he smirked. "That will be quite enough" he said. "I have tolerated your little antics for a considerable amount of time. I am going to leave now, but be warned. The next time you accidentally summon me I will not be so lenient." A bright light blanketed the entire room as Arnog snapped his fingers, leaving the cultists dazed, confused and somewhat unwilling to try again.....