Oh, please, stop acting like you were not dead before!

Yes. YOU! Do you know how dead you are?

Well, let me, an esteemed necromancer explain.

Every single moment, there is at least 25 trillion red blood cells in you that are dead. Why are they dead? Well, they have no nuclei, of course. You learned what a nucleus is needed for, right?Oh, and do you know those tiny beautiful platelets? They are even less alive than erythrocytes. They are basically just a fragment of a much bigger, megakaryocyte. Your blood is basically just dead cells keeping your living cells alive.

Huh? What was that? Don't tell me you would consider water and various proteins floating around in it to be alive. No, no. Neither blood, nor urine, liquor, saliva, snot, bile, nor any other bodily fluid you can think of. None of them are alive. Well, unless you count certain haploid annoyance to be alive, which I may, or may not, concede to.

Oh, and those pesky leukocytes? Well, they were created to die fighting in the first place, so they don't count. In fact, much of your body is more dead than it is alive.

Your pristine, silky smooth skin? Most of it is dead cells. Only the inner-most layer of it is alive, and it creates more cells, only for them to die.

Your long nails? Dead.

Your beautiful, red hair? Dead. In fact, all your body hair is dead matter.

Oh, but what about your internal organs?

Well, they are mostly dead as well. More than half of your bones are just inorganic mineralized matrices made mostly out of hydroxyapatite. The same applies to your teeth. Even less so, considering you have some pretty deep fillings.

"But what about my intestines, my heart, my liver, my kidneys?" Well, I am glad we came to those as well. Because you see, most of them are made out of collagenous matrix which was live years ago. They are babies, living in the coffins made out of their grandparents! Hilarious, isn't it? In fact, it wouldn't be wrong to say that your body is more dead when it is alive, than it is alive when you are dead. Don't tell me you haven't studied Une Charogne (A Carcass) by Charles Baudelaire in school?

Well, maybe this isn't funny to you. But a necromancer would absolutely lose it with my jokes.

Listen, you were not alive the moment you were born. So, relax, and just let go. You are just going to be a bit dead-er than usual for a minute or two, until I return you back to life.