Galdorians by some quirk of evolution somehow looked like an odd combination of a kitten and a puppy with the pulsing button nose of a bunny. Despite this they were widely known as fearsome warriors and had by far the fiercest military in the Galactic partnership.

Now the Terrorist turned General turned Ambassador stood in front of the Galactic partnership explaining the terms of the peace treaty he and his cohorts had imposed on the Galdorian hegemony to conclude the decades long Galdorian civil war. Years of bloodshed and strife and this proud man was proclaiming to the galaxy that it was over, his people were free, their serfdom ended. With his gun strapped to his hip in clear defiance of GP policy, no one questioned it was necessary for his protection, and he cut a striking figure. Imposing. Looming over the GP ambassadors assembled in the hall.

Yet, as I sat there representing humanity for the galaxy all I could focus on was his snout. His tiny little nose. It flicked up as he spoke, twitching rhythmically with his breath. It was so familiar... As the man finished his speech and the crowd stood in applause it finally hit me. The man's nose was the spitting image of my beloved Hoppers, my darling little bunny rabbit I treasured in my youth who'd tragically passed away after an encounter with a fox...

I wanted to boop his snoot just one more time. Just one last memory with my sweet bouncy boy... No, I musn't do it. Walking up to the podium for my obligatory photo OP I resolved that I would settle for the customary greeting of humanity, a solid handshake.

As my hand raised past his I realized all too late what was happening. "Boop" my index finger gently tapped his nose. Terrified and reeling trying to find an out I heard a "boop!" come from his mouth as a furry little finger tapped my own nose. The photos snapped and I was escorted away for the next photo. As I left the stage I heard the Ambassador say to his aide "I thought the 'boop' was how Chadran's greeted." Hurrying away I took my new happy memory and hoped to never encounter the man again.