"What you in for old-timer?" an unfamiliar voice chirped from my left.

I took my time turning around, till I locked on to a pair of inquisitive eyes, set in the face of a man who looked to be at least a decade older than myself.

"Don't, know, what about you?" I mumbled back at him.

"Don't know either" he smirked back at me, before grabbing his tray and vanishing into the cafeteria crowd.

Truth is, none of us here knew what we were in for. All I know is some labcoats somewhere figured out how to change up some specific memories, or in our case, just squeeze them out completely. The government decided to push this onto criminals, of which I was apparently one of, much to the joy of both sides of the political aisle. No more prison, and no more wasting tax money keeping said prisons running. And so, prisons like the one I was currently in were abolished, and billions upon billions of tax dollars were saved annually.

Except of course it's never that simple. After my memories of my crime were "adjusted", I was shipped off to a "privately-owned re-integration facility". We lived in cells, we had curfew times, we were locked behind bars, with set times for eating and sleeping, and surrounded by armed guards. But legally, we weren't in prison.

These "re-integration" camps were just concrete buildings full of people who didn't know why they were there being watched over by people who couldn't tell them why. When I'm bored, which is often, I try to remember what I did, but there's a seam. 

I'm alone in my apartment, munching on some delivered garbage, my face dimly lit by the glow of my monitor as I clock in yet another night of gaming. I was too aware of all the life I'd spent in this loop, like the world's most pathetic groundhog day, except I was growing older and older while stuck in space. 

And then, cut, I was here. 

I hated it. 

Did I finally grow a spine or was I framed? Did I do something harmless or did I hurt someone? Maybe it was best not to know, but sometimes this maybe would torment me all the same. If that was my punishment, why was I here?