The hail pattered magisterially against the magisterial limousine of the most magisterial Magistrate Tront. He stared with boredom (but still rather magisterially) out at the roiling crowd. They chanted together in unison, specks of angry froth flecking the lips of the man closest to him. A beautiful man, tall and slender and scaly, possessed of a most noble pair of eyestalks. Tront stared for a little too long before turning away. He wondered what the devil they were chanting. He didn't know of course. The auditory filters transformed the noise to a pleasant murmering gibberish. He played with a little dial in the door. The murmur was transformed into the mewling of baby bloodbats (adorable), then the low mincing drone of Xzhetliqan chamber music (physically painful), and then, mercifully, the high-pitched strain of Puk'p'otek opera. He settled comfortably into his fluffy receptacle and let the crowd of rioters sing him to a warm nap.

He knew the gist of it of course. Ever since the human homeworld (who knew what it was called, the infernal creatures had ten thousand languages) had been hit by that stray quantum missile, millions of them had been streaming into the cosmos, seeking the benevolence and charity of the higher races. At first, the creatures had been humoured. His government, the Puk'p'otek Hegemony, had set aside land for them, and he himself had advocated on their behalf. You couldn't help but feel for the ugly brutes. His own private opinion was that the quantum missile had been a kind of beautification project for their planet, but he kept that sort of thought to himself. They were a very sensitive people, as you might expect from a barely evolved Simian race.

At first, the humans had appeared grateful, in their own way. They humbly accepted what was offered, settling into their refugee camps and dying of disease in respectfully moderate numbers. The Magistrate had considered the matter settled and moved on to more interesting matters like the eastern swampfly shortage and his growing harem.

The sudden appearance of these disagreeable creatures had caused some consternation among the local denizens. His people were too cultured, of course, to complain about their neighbours, so they had simply moved out. The area was thus left to the humans, who escaped close surveillance simply on account of being unpleasant to look at for too long. So they ate, and they slept, and they reproduced, and they reproduced, and they reproduced, and so on, as the mammalian races are wont to do. The females spawned five or six each and kept well at it if they could. His people were only peripherally aware of the growing issue, mostly by the smell that wafted downwind and slowly cleared out some rather nice areas of the capital to the delight of the parks department.

Then one day, a particularly squat, hairy fellow and a group of only marginally less hairy followers had emerged from the human camp and walked miles through the city, carrying a flag and screaming something about freedom and "human rights". This had struck the passing shoppers, schoolchildren and slaves as rather obtuse, given that they were entirely free and could engage in whatever human activities they pleased. But this fact clearly did not passify the beasts. For a week afterward, they streamed out of their camp with primitive projectile weapons and chemical fireworks.

Citizens fled for miles around. Not because they feared the weapons, which were of little consequence with personal shielding. But rather because the human engineers had started to extend their sewage system outwards to the commandeered buildings. The smell was enough to make your antennae wither. The hairy fellow had then gone up onto what had been a perfectly nice rooftop hornflower garden, made some incoherent speech about freedom, and declared the area a human nation. The Republic of Terra. That they had declared a republic was rather puzzling to Tront, as they had not been a kingdom to start with.

Now his people were rather patient, even by galactic standards. The main concern to the citizens was not the hostile takeover of part of their city (that would soon enough be sorted out by the government through some well-placed city ordinance, they were sure of it). No, the humans had been quite inconsiderate about the whole thing, blocking of the roads to the primary government pleasure centre. People were getting rather excitable. The humans had known what they were doing, using this as a bargaining tool. For what, nobody could guess at.

So here we come to the poor, magisterial Magistrate Tront, on his one day of annual leave, driving through a crowd of angry, pleasure-deprived Puk'p'otek on his way to meet a smelly ape. The thought made him resolve to nap a bit more.

--- (Continued in response) ----