The movies and Holo-vids never show just how much preparation goes into it.

The gear. The stakeouts. The planning.

It takes weeks to set up the kill.

Vera twisted the suppressor onto her 1911, and it attached with a click. Magazine check, press check. Stuffed it back underneath her coat jacket, into her shoulder holster.

No sniping for this mission. More viewers, more subscribers when she gets up close and personal. The masses love to see the victim's face when he eats it. Direct feed streamed straight from her optics through encrypted channels onto specialized and heavily vetted streaming sites. Bloodthirsty gladiator arenas of the 2100s for the privileged and depraved.

She strode up to the glass tower of chrome, a 100 floor eyesore of Corporate hegemony sticking out of the ground and into the acid-rain laden clouds like an overgrown tumor.

She tapped a button at the side of her head, and her skin started refracting light. Eventually, her skin was a blurry opaque blur, and her clothes similarly dissipated from view. 

If someone were to pay attention, they'd notice an elevator called down and head up to the 100th floor with nobody inside.

She popped in an orange octagon. Methamphetamine tablet. Speed, concentration booster. Fear and anxiety eliminated.

Breathe...

Elevator opens out into an especially lavish private office that was more of a penthouse than anything. Art fixtures placed at every corner of the floor-sprawling office. Artificial waterfalls placed at the edges of the room, overgrown bonsai plants verdant green. So much water, used for vain decoration while the masses below killed and paid through the nose just for a cup of the stuff.

Her boots lightly thudded across the carpet. Quietly. She inched forward, heels raised.

Quick glance at the stream chat. They're getting excited now. Telling her to do this and that to the mark. Telling her to show them some skin. Some of them talking about their weekend plans, or how they just got home from work and were glad to make it in time for the kill stream climax, after weeks of just prep streams. She waved the chat away from her HUD with a flick of the finger.

Two corporate sentries posted up in front of the baroque carved door. The masses deemed them exposable. So she got to work.

First one went down gurgling, silenced bullet ripping a hole through his throat. Second one rushed forward glancing around and seeing no more than a rushing blur of refracted light before getting her neck snapped, eyes rolled up.

All in the span of about 5 seconds.

Glance again at the chat. Roaring in approval. Emojis flooding the chatbox. A few complaints here and there about having seen her kill in that way before already.

Close out.

She kicked down the doors. 

A man was sat behind a chrome desk, talking to someone on his VidPhone. His eyes glowing blue, and a blue prosthetic arm typed away at a mile a minute on a holographic keyboard. He glanced up at the broken down doors, cigarette dropping from his mouth, mouth agape with shock.

"What the fuck?" He sputtered. "Sh- show yourself. Who are you? What do you want?"

Vera deactivated her active camo, and light slowly found her once more. She materialized right in front of him, silenced barrel pressed right up against his forehead. 

Trying to fight the shakes, he held up his hands. Plastered a thin smile across his artificially handsome features. "Hey now. I'm sure we can work something out. Whoever's paying you - I can triple it." He immediately dived into negotiations, and it's clear it's never their first rodeo when it comes to guys like these.

Vera quickly checks the Kill Meter. An overwhelming vote of 95% KILL to 5% SPARE, not that she expected anything different. The viewers were here for one thing - Snuff. Gore. Violence. The real kind. Not the SaimanCorp HOLO bullshit.

"Nobody's paying me." She said, then projected a list out in front of him in large print.

"What do you mean-" Confident smile takes on an uncertain edge, mouth frowned, eyes tinged with fear.

"Your crimes are the following." She cut him off, reading from the holographic list. "Human trafficking, multiple counts of homicides of undocumented sex workers, and unethical human experimentation leading to death and disfigurement."

"Pr-proof! You have no proof!"

"Oh, but I do. The police do too, except you paid them off." She projected several dossiers and files onto the air next to the list, and flipped through pages of police reports, tabloid magazine articles, video camera clips, all pointing towards him as the culprit. "So it's up to me to make things right."

She checked again at the chat and kill score.

"The people demand your execution." She said bluntly.

"Wai-"

She squeezed the trigger. 

His head rocked backward with a jolt, collided with the leather backrest of his chair, then lolled limply as his body slid down a few inches on his chair. A brown stain started showing through his white suit pants, legs trickled with piss.

Glance at the chat - cheering, subscriptions coming in, donations and credits wired in at a breakneck pace.

No prints on the gun - she'd worn gloves. Disassembled the gun in less than 5 seconds, escaped through the fire exit, skipped the stairs, jumping down one floor at a time by falling from railing to railing, cybernetic hands and fingers giving her superhuman grip. She threw the disassembled gun pieces in random alleyways as she made her departure, and threw the last pieces into the nearby bay. Another clean job - only the target and his bodyguards dead.

..

"Thanks for watching guys... Be back tomorrow at the usual time." She spoke to her chat, while sat on the ground and leaned against the wall of her sparsely decorated and spartan apartment. Upper's worn off, and she felt the crash sapping away her energy. She clicked off the camera feed from her optics, and shut down the stream. Made enough for several month's rent from that run. 

Shaky hands reached inside a coat pocket and fished out a stale cigarette. She lit up and tried to alleviate the drug comedown with nicotine. An airship flew by overhead, rattling the cramped apartment and sending dust scattering down from the low ceiling. Neon red and blue peeked through the Venetian blinds of the window just above her head.

A framed photo was put facedown on a nearby shelf. A photo of her and her late husband, killed by a Corpo exec for looking at her the wrong way. She got away with it, greasing the cops and judges with funds from numbered Swiss accounts. Vera died that day, too. What remained was a machine. A husk. Controlled by chat, and living to kill.

[Continued in a second comment due to character limits]