I lock eyes with the King, cutting through the accusatory glare with my own defiant stare. 

“With respect my liege, it was not, in fact, poison. Nor was it intended to kill you outright. What you just drank with your wine was an alchemical curse, one of my own making. It has some, shall we say “interesting” properties and effects. Shall I explain? After all, it is too late. You are well passed the point of any counter-curse that could have saved you.” 

“You may explain, but I will not stop the swift justice of the headsman axe for you.” Retorted the King. 

“That is quite alright, I didn’t expect to escape this, much less survive it.” I stated, with a cold, even voice that unsettled the King. 

“It starts with your soul. Once the curse is ingested, it binds itself to your very being, and in short order it anchors itself so deeply, that even the strongest counter-curses have no effect on it. Once fully bound, the curse will begin to slowly, and very painful, kill all of those you cherish the most. Your wife, the Queen. Your son. And let’s not forget your little infant daughter. Precious, isn’t she? One by one, they will take sick, wither away and die. Starting with your wife.”

“Wh… why? How… how could you do this?!” Sputtered the king, horrified almost to the point of collapsing. 

“To offer you a choice.” I stated simply. “You can watch as your entire dynasty crumbles into dust before your very eyes, or you can take the one and only action that will save them.”

The King, steadying himself with a few deep, anguished breaths, finally manages to ask; “And what would that be?” 

“Simple,” I say with a cold stare and a grin full of malice. “Take your own life. If you die, the curse dies with you. If you live, the curse will flourish. That should be an easy choice, no?” 

“You… you monster. How could you do this?”

“My reasons are my own. Maybe I just want to watch the kingdom burn. Maybe I just don’t like you. The how’s and why’s do not matter. What does matter is this:” I draw a dagger from underneath my cloak, placing it on the table between us. “Will it be you, or will it be them? The choice is yours. And do choose quickly, the poor queen doesn’t have long, I’m afraid.”

The king, steadying himself after a long glance at the small, cold steel dagger, fixes me with an angry glare. “How do I know that this isn’t a trick, simply to cover up your failed excuse of an assassination?” 

I chuckled tauntingly, as I shake my head slowly, and pityingly at the King. “You don’t. But is that a risk you are willing to take? Time is running out, *my liege*. Make your choice.”