Edited for spelling errors

When we discovered that we were not alone, we had mixed thoughts initially.  Excitement, fear, curiosity and a sense of foreboding were among all of these.  There were no hostilities, there were no feelings of ire or disrespect.  They came to us, specifically, because they sought council.  I’m Allen Drew, a member of this council they requested, and the three of us together were called upon, specifically to the lawn in front of their ship as a neutral territory.  They allowed us to have a military stand by in the event things went sour, though we suspect that this was never their first intent.

I’m a software developer, mainly for operating systems in smartphones but I also dabble in general computers aswell.  I’ve written several independent OS’ in my time as test beds for new tech and alphas for these, and to ensure hardware compatibility between different systems.  The second is Gerald Hertz, son of a tech magnate in Taiwan.  Computer chips and hardware is his forté, and he’s one of the best in his field.  Finally an engineer, Sakai Takigawa, a tech engineer from Japan responsible for the design of how how our respective fields can be developed into workable tech.  While the three of us are far from what’s necessary for the creation of a whole item, our respective knowledge can be used together to ensure a product can be made…

But why?  We watched as an entire fleet of ships suddenly appeared in our orbit, just miles above the native orbit of our satellites.  They obviously have the tech to put us to shame and have it in droves, so why are we here in this tent?  The tent opened up and, walking in, three quadrupedal creatures walked in.  They wore respirators but their bodies were more or less exposed like our own, just regular satin clothing and dress.  They had slender bodies, pale onyx skin, four eyes mainly to the sides of their skulls and an almost dog-like head, with two lanky arms.  It was disconcerting to say the least.  They placed an object on the table, turned a flip switch and in an instant it whirred to life.  Their voices resembled the clicking of a wooden marimba, but denser with a bassy undertone.  Completely indecipherable to actual language at first.  Then their speech was spoken clearly though the device when they finished;

“We thank you for the opportunity to speak, it’s an honour to communicate to talented masters of your profession such as yourselves.”

It was a translator.  Not surprising, though the tech behind it was odd.  The device, it looked… crude.

“Not at all,” I spoke, a mild crack in my voice as I raised my voice.  Obviously I, we, were nervous.  “If anything we must remain in awe of you.  We thought we were alone in this galaxy and yet here you are, appearing like you simply had a black sheet over your ships and tore it away when you felt it necessary.”

A strange chortling erupted from them, which translated into laughter.  “Yes, we appeared as such, but the calculations of such things is immeasurable.  We found your planet dozens of your cycles ago and we only now reached it, fearing we may either overstep or, worse still, jump into it.”

The three of us humans took a moment to process this, but the tech behind warping must be complex beyond our understanding.

“It’s this reason why we have come to you:  we observed your race and, to our astonishment we found you have technology we desperately need for safer travel: your computation devices.”

“… excuse me?”  Gerald looked at them, and we looked at eachother.  What in the hell are they talking about?  “You seem to misunderstand, sirs, but we likely won’t meet your specifications if your tech is as advanced as it is.”

“We kindly disagree.”  The alien placed a strange device on the table:  it resembled an overtly complex sextant with more features, and crystals, and what looked to be slides and dials on a panel.  “This is the extent of our computation technology, every calculation is performed mentally and by hand, and by several teams simultaneously to ensure accuracy.”

We were taken aback at this, and we could hardly believe it.  “Nonsense.”  Sakai spoke up, the translator deciphering his native tongue into one we could all understand.  “You would have us believe, here, now, that this device is all you use to calculate three dimensional travel in a faster than light manner?  That’s illogical!”

“Agreed.  Depending on entire teams to calculate over several hours multiple trajectories for safe travel is indeed illogical, especially when you have the capability to  make such calculations in an almost instant manner.  We’re desperate: in the last hour we’ve lost another ship to a black hole because the calculation was off by a fraction since it took so long to make.  Planet drift made transit from point to point in this instant turn accurate calculations into little more than guesswork.  What’s worse is this is more common than we’d care to admit.”

It started to make sense, at least a little bit, as to why they wanted to speak to us.  They needed something to make the calculations quicker so that it was accurate within reason, and considering how many planets and systems they’d travel through entire teams -would- be needed to calculate such trajectories.  The fact they made it here seemed obscene on that very note.

“So,” I said, more confident now that the situation was clearer.  “you need some kind of calculator, able to make these drastic calculations, in as short a time as possible and as accurately as possible, so as to prevent future tragedies that plague interstellar travel?  We’re gonna need full cooperation on this, and I also don’t think I’m in a position to organise any kind of trade.”

“We’ve already spoken with your world leaders and have agreed to offer the secrets of our technology with your kind, in exchange for finding a reliable solution to our traveling dilemma.  We can show you the calculations and the methods to reach them, as well as the mathematics behind different bodies and gravitational pulls.  We simply need your expertise in this field of technology.”

The three of us looked at eachother, and smiled.  “We’re gonna need a hell of a lot more people for this, but we fully agree!”

“Excellent!  The joy we feel is indescribable!”

The three of them chittered and howled, the translator having trouble translating it all, but essentially it was cheers of joy.  That was the day the Human race changed space travel and joined the intergalactic community, a triumph of our race, and I was the head of the DHT Technology Bureau of the newly established Interstellar Travel Solutions, the now leading body of star calculation systems in the galaxy.