The palace had felt suffocating with the tune of the life stream. I remember needing to get, OUT. I fell down the. . I don't remember which set of stairs. It seemed a hair easier in the city but it was still a jackhammer in my head. None of the common elves recognized me. Way too new to the place. But leaving the city. Full fledged forest in every direction. Dazzled by light and sounds. I was just trying to find a hint of quiet. 

Light then dark, I passed out. When I woke I heard two people talking.

"Caleb you can't tell me that ain't elf garb she got on." higher pitched voice, slight crack to it. Elder human woman that smoked would be my guess. Her partner 'Caleb' had a lower rougher voice.

"I seen the outfit. I never seen clothing like what she had on under. An you can tell by her ears she ain't no elf. Must be a runaway slave or something."

What I had on under? I admit I bolted upright realizing I was naked. Which did not help my modesty by tossing the blanket right off me. As I scrambled to grab it back to me I got a glance around. Most of the forest was behind us. Ahead were fields of crops and small farm houses as we rolled down a hill. I sighed with relief as I recognized I was in the back of a horse drawn cart. Nice and recognizable. The woman was older as I thought, turning to me.

"Calm down, it will be alright. My husband found you collapsed by the side of the highway. Just relax, how do you feel? Can you tell us your name?"

The man glanced back as well. "Where you from? Are you a runaway?"

I rubbed my temple to ease the ache still there from the forest behind us. "Oaklyn, ah town pretty far from here I guess. And I suppose I am a runaway. Thank you for helping me. I don't know how I would have coped if the elves had found me."

The woman nodded firmly. "Thought so. We are one of the few humans the elves let in to trade, and we never saw you before at the swap."

The man guiding the horse. "Let the girl talk Fran. She ain't even told us her name."

"Dana. Sorry about that. Everything is still very off to me. I don't even know how to get back home."

Caleb absently taking up a clay pipe as he nods. "Well we got some chores to do at our farm. Then it is off to Concord to sell off the trade goods. You're welcome to come with us. Figure the guard or one of the merchants can point you in the right direction."

Nodding absently "I appreciate that. But uhm can I get some clothes?"

They both had a cheery laugh. Soon we settled to a pleasant silence as we went off the road and up the path to the small cottage. The field recently planted were not alive yet, the chickens so active as we came up settled down and the small dog came over to greet us. He seemed happy as I scratched his ears. Then he ran off. I don't know why the lady was giving me a funny look. She found one of their daughters former dresses. I helped unload the wagon and some chores.

The bed that night might have been a sheet over some straw, but it felt like a cloud after a day of farm work. We all woke to loud noise from the barn. As silently as possible Caleb grabbed a staff and went to check. Fran was a hair slow in keeping me from following him. Her low curse behind me before she followed as well. The barn door was wide open as we approached. Caleb decided to curse as he got a look inside. I could hear the poor mare in a fright. Three men were trying to steal her. I barely had a moment when I 'heard' the small dog. I am an idiot, *fox*. Before he warned me of the bandit coming up behind Caleb. I managed to shove Caleb out of the way before the man's cudgel came down. I wish I could say it was a perfect rescue. But I managed to get the blow instead. And for the second time in a day I was dropped unconscious.

Seeds sprouting, insects crawling across the turned soil. Horse kicking a man out of the barn. A little fox biting the ankle of a big man. . Other horses closing. Their riders trying to slow them. The yelp of the fox as a boot found his ribs snapped my eyes open.

Four men on horses wearing matching armor and tabards. Their swords drawn as they faced the bandits holding Caleb, and Fran. I felt the blade at my throat as I took the whole thing in.

"We ain't going back. You all back away or these folk are gonna die. You can't let that happen now can ya?"

Time seemed to slow. I put my hand to the one holding the knife to me. Bending the thumb as I pulled on the arm and swiveled my hip. I felt good having learned how to fight. And these people never heard of judo, or any other way to fight unarmed it seemed. The bandit went right over and to the ground. As I straightened it felt like I had a pea sized stone on my palms. One that grew to a marble, then a golf ball as I stood.

"You harm so much as a hair on them. I will hurt you so bad your ancestors will feel how bad you screwed up and choose not to have children." The damn golf ball had expanded to a baseball in each hand. I was just glad I might have something to throw. Not sure how I was going to back my threat. But I never saw fear like that in people's eyes before. At least not ones looking at me. The man on the ground before me wet himself. Then the others dropped their weapons.

As the men in uniforms bound the men, they cast wary looks at me. The stones in my hands went rubbery then seemed to deflate to nothing before I could look at them. I took two steps to where the kicked fox lay. Scooping him up and stroking him tenderly.

Caleb and the soldier with a stripe on his arm came up to me. "Thank you for helping. But if a can ask. Why so much for us? We're just farmers and traders."

I looked up to the elder man. "You've been nice to me."