A soft thud resounds from the forest.

It's not a thud any normal human would be able to hear. It's the soft flattening of mud still wet from yesterday's rain. It's the boot of a soldier who has no idea what he's walking into. It's the beginning of another end.

The thud is quickly followed by a hundred more. They approach from all directions, all in a neat circle that provides them with a false sense of safety. I could kill them right now if I desired so. They would never even realized they'd died. It would be painless, humane almost.

But that is not who I am.

Why won't anybody understand?

I pick up the radiowaves transmitting from one unit to the other. The intervals grow shorter the closer they get and I can sense the excitement in their thuds. They can see the cabin in the clearing now.

I wonder what lies they were fed by their superiors. *'Disable and capture the enemy target'.* Or perhaps more in the lines of *'This terrorist cell must be eliminated at all cost'.*

Why won't anybody leave me alone?

Red dots appear on the windows, their riffles ready to be fired at a moment's notice. I let out a heavy sigh. I just finished building this place three weeks ago and I have to admit it might be one of my favourite locations so far. Hundreds of miles away from the closest city, only a few small towns in the closer perimeter. The townsfolk never cared who I was, why did everyone else?

The radiowaves stop and for a moment, there is a blissful silence in the air. There's only the soft wind rustling the leaves around the cabin as if the forest is taking a deep breath before the chaos unfolds.

Why won't they let me be at peace?

There's one second of radiowaves, and then the shooting begins. Bullets, rocket launchers, grenades... They throw everything they have at me. I sometimes wonder why they never change tactics. Not that it would help them in any way, but at least they should give it a try, no? Maybe they just like blowing stuff up, preferably with me inside it.

The cabin explodes and evaporates around me. I stand in the midst of it all, surrendering myself to the moment. Despite the uselessness of it, I sometimes find myself enjoying these moments of destruction. There's always a certain beauty to it, even if it means losing everything I just built.

Why won't they listen to my pleas?

One of the bigger projectiles hits me right in the face and detonates. I barely feel the scratch, but my eyes capture everything. The fire and the heat, the shockwave travelling outwards, the roof's support beams blown to smithereens. The ceiling collapses and break apart around me while I stand firm.

The onslaught finally dies down and when the dust and smoke settle, I stand amidst the rubble. I am surrounded by a small army of very confused men. They point at me and shout to one another. Some take aim again, others turn on their heels and make a run for it.

Why won't they see me as a man with simple wishes?

I start walking towards the east. I have another house there, some four hundred miles away. Maybe they haven't found out about it yet, maybe they'll lose interest in following me if it takes too long. The men in front of me are unsure what to do. Two of them take a shot at me, but quickly change their mind as they see the bullets bounce off my bare skin.

They step aside as I walk past them, the look on their faces a blend of horror and amazement. I give them a quick nod in passing, it's only the polite thing to do. There are a few more bullets hitting me in the back as I keep walking, but I give no sign that I felt something.

I could kill them all in a heartbeat, but that's not who I am.

Why won't anyone accept that?


&gt; Thanks for reading! More over at r/PromptedByDaddy