Every single night, as she left her waitressing job in the local diner, Shelby always remembered to be vigilant. There were prowlers in the night and a defenseless young woman was easy pickings. Knowing that, she always carried a mace, her taser, and a small knife for those who got past the rest. Her intuition had also served her well. Many a times, she'd felt a presence following her and been proven right. Eyes and ears could hardly compare. Sometimes, they were even a liability. When those around you could manipulate sight and sound, it's best to never take anything for granted. 

Among those insidious creatures were the well-known vampires. They sparkled in the sunlight and were often abnormally beautiful. The down-side though, was that they could take your senses temporarily with this 'sparkle'. They could compel you to any action with a single glance at their eyes and with their enhanced speed and strength, there was really no escaping  once you found yourself in their clutches.

Shelby had a deterrent though, and that was that she never showered more than once a week. If their strength could be turned into their weakness, it's that she'd make their eyes water just at the sight of her. She compounded this with washing all her clothes with garlic soaked water and detergent. Not enough for a human nose to notice, but to a vampire, she might as well have bathed in it. 

This always led to weird confrontations. First, a series of sneers from a distance, then they'd approach her, looking disdainful, and ask her something along the lines of, "Do you have a substance-abuse problem with garlic. Are you long lost lovers with a garlic-infused mutant? Does he emote smells instead of feelings?"

Her response: act like she had no idea. She'd smell herself and mumble how this could be. Her obvious obliviousness was even more hated to them and they walked away disturbed and disgusted. When that didn't work, she'd throw it back in their face with a haughty, "And, who are you to supervise my body. I have rights, you know!" And avoiding any talk of women's rights, they'd exit the conversation and quickly mention they have somewhere else to be.

Hmm, she thought to herself, they're no different than humans.