Klinge “Smith” Black took a step back from the furnace, his knees almost buckling—not from the three straight days of work he’s put in under the King’s palace, but at the sheer awe of what was emerging.

Klinge braced the tongs against his own abdomen, and slowly pulled out the sword—not just a sword, but *the* sword. He smelt it again, the familiar scent of burning charcoal, molten metal, and dark soot filling his lungs. His eyes scanned the glowing form, a divine thing from another world, and mentally ran down a long list of imperfections.

Absolutely nothing, he noted. Satisfied, he quenched the blade into a large tank custom-built for this endeavour, longer than the height of the blacksmith. Klinge had nothing less than the enthusiasm of a boy who laid hands on his first sword, running his fingers all over the subtle curves and straight edges. The smith watched the blade flex and wrap like a hawk, careful not to overwork a perfect specimen.

After all, a blade needs just the right amount of work. Too little, and it remained a piece of metal. Too much, and it might as well be a butter knife. The forging was but the first important process—cooling it down, tempering, and allowing it to be its own blade were more steps that could screw this up.

“Perfect,” he muttered under his breath, pulling the weapon out. He laid it on a towel, and for the first time in months, turned off the furnace.

“It is done,” he whispered, finally allowing himself to sit down. Klinge closed his eyes, letting himself slumber for a few moments.

The door to his smithery slammed open. The King walked in, followed by a few harried men and women buzzing about him like he was honey.

“Klinge,” the King shouted, hopping around in excitement. “The furnace is off. Is it done?”

“It is done,” Klinge smiled, then opened his eyes. He walked up to the blade, flourishing with a hand.

“What is it? What sick weapon did you make for me?”

“This,” the smith said. “Is a Dreihander.”

The King fell silent, watching the sword that was longer than a human being. Even the worker bees around him stayed quiet, marvelling at the spectacle that was in front of them. Klinge was utterly confident that this was—

“It’s a blade meant for three hands,” the King sputtered.

“Yes,” the smith said proudly. “It does the damage of three swords in one. The blade is so long, yet still finely tuned and balanced to ensure that it doesn’t lose power in the swing, thanks to a perfect weight enchantment lined through the blade.”

“I only have two hands,” the King said, resting one on the grip. He tried pulling, managing to lift just one-third of the blade off the cloth, before letting it clatter back noisily.

“Of course,” Klinge smiled. “Because you need this.”

The smith walked to the side. A third arm sat there. The shine and glare meant that it was ostensibly made out of metal, but it twitched like it was alive.

“Simply attach this to your chest, my liege,” Klinge said. “And you find that you have the power to wield this sword.”

The King excitedly ran over, sticking the arm to his chest. Unfortunately, the monarch’s rather leisurely day-to-day activities meant that he immediately buckled over, supported only by his new arm.

“Smith! What is the meaning of this?!”

“Ah,” Klinge said. “I sort of expected this. Not everyone has back muscles like me, built from decades of smithing. Now, if you’ll look over here, there’s a back brace that will allow you to stand while using the Third Arm of Destiny.”

The King awkwardly manoeuvred his way over to where Klinge was pointing, done through the tandem of the metal arm and his bowed legs. Klinge helped put the brace onto the king, who straightened his legs—and stood up, pleased.

“Well done,” the King smiled. “Fantastic, now, to hold that sword.”

The King took a step forward, only to plop back down in a pained scream. His topside was comically overloaded, leading to crushed legs that bent awkwardly under him.

“Smith, smith!” the King cried. “Surely you have a solution for this!”

Klinge laughed, and started grunting in exertion. Slowly, but surely, a third arm—this one fleshy and muscled, like Klinge’s own two—grew out of his chest.

“You gave me access to everything, my liege,” the smith said, walking over to the Dreihander, and picking it up with ease. “I thank you. I’ve found new dimensions to my smithing I never thought possible. And the blade’s enchantments? Well, they taught even me something new.”

One pathetic scribe leapt at the smith, screaming to protect the monarch. There was the sound of tearing paper, except it was a bit more fleshy, and suddenly, the scribe lacked a head.

The king stared, unable to move. The metal arm wrapped itself against him, and the brace now sprouted hooks that lodged themselves into the ground.

“Kill him,” the sword screamed in Klinge’s mind. “Kill him! With me!”

“Of course,” Klinge whispered softly, cradling the blade. “Of course, my holiness.”

---

r/dexdrafts