It was the perfect plan. Spend a week as this... receptionist at a legal firm. One of the biggest legal firms on the west coast of America, Chill Breeze, or Carson Brackton as he said his human name was, and collect names. He'd done his research on these computers. The legal firm had over three thousand calls a day.   


Chill Breeze had nearly started salivating at the thought of that many names suddenly in his control. He'd be the broker for the entire Unseelie court, bartering favors and such for those around Winter, and moving up. Perhaps even being able to become the guard for Queen Mab.  


His ambitions were slightly dampened after the initial week. He'd only gotten THREE names. THREE.   


One was a telemarketer who was absolutely useless, and probably got lost in the cogs of their own company. Another was a child who misdialed the place, and he'd traded that child's name quickly to a soon to be mother of a changeling. The third was a pizza delivery person, working the late night shift, and their name marked them as completely normal, unremarkable in any way save for the prodigious amounts of marijuana and beer they ingested.   


It had to change. It HAD to. He didn't think he could take another week bowing and scraping to his boss, Abby Zhou. Get the coffee, she said. Make sure it's exactly 100 degrees Farenheit, she said. It was torment, pure and simple. Miss Zhou was torturing him.  


He'd rip her eyes out and feed it to her, but they were on the mortal plane, and Miss Zhou was somewhat important. People would notice something like that.   


The phone rang, and Chill Breeze dutifully picked it up. "Miss Abby Zhou's office, may I have your name?" There was a pause on the other end, and a deep, baritone chuckle. "No, but you may let Miss Zhou know that Gremory Jones will be five minutes late for his appointment. Something came up on the road, you see, Mr. Brackton."   


Chill Breeze swore internally. ANOTHER one like that. Why did they all say no, and then get on to the business at hand? He'd made sure his glamour was perfect. The background was excellent, he was specifically acting like any other human receptionist. He'd studied them for months before initiating this plan!   


Swallowing his rage, Chill Breeze cheerily replied, "Of course, Mr. Jones. We here at Wolfram and Hart appreciate your business. I'll pass the message along."  


Gremory Jones just laughed again, and hung up. Chill breeze seethed with rage. Just what in the hell was going on, here?