Audio Log 16
I thought this would be an easy job, reporters are a “one shot, one kill” kinda deal y’know. But this guy has been a bit of a challenge for a better word. 

Civilians are always an easy paycheck, crash into their car, poison them , or heck just the good old fashioned way of a gunshot. Maybe a robbery gone wrong or wrong place wrong time kinda deal to lessen suspicion; but again this guy just has the best luck. 

I’d say Metropolis is a cursed place to be an assassin, well most of the big cities. They all have a resident superhero or if you’re unlucky a “hero family” or team. Gotham has the bats and Keystone has the Flashes, but Metropolis has the “Super Family”. Last time Superman himself and his son stopped a teammate from getting to a different news reporter, I think her name was Lois. Agent 52 said the kid looked pissed and superman had to hold him back, guess the kid didn’t take kindly to assassins in his turf. 

Gladly I haven’t encountered the Supes yet, but still this is annoyingly tedious. Crashed into their car and he was unharmed. Claimed the air bag and seatbelt saved him and just asked for my insurance information. I infiltrated the coffee shop he frequents and poisoned his tea and he just drank it like nothing, I hope I didn’t mix the drinks and killed a random civilian by accident. I tried shooting him with my sniper and this dude somehow always dodge the shot; he’s leaned over to tie his shoe or pick something up and the bullet missed, or this other time he coincidentally was out of sight from the windows depending on the roof I was, and my last attempt I placed a bomb in his car that would blow when his engine ignited yet it blew up when he was feet away from it. How did the car turn on without him being in it?? This model doesn’t even have the remote start feature!

Am I getting old? Am I not good enough anymore? Or is someone feeding him information? I don’t know what to do anymore. I’m tempted to call reinforcements... even if it tarnishes my record. 

Oh shit what the hell is that——

End of Log

(Edit- spelling mistakes)