Last night was terrifying. The Big Guy and I are used to some rough stuff, but there's only so much getting shot at, almost drowning, or any other near-death experiences you can take until you want to just move to a different country and live the life of a normal 20-something. Growing up as an only child, and later orphaned, B.G. took me in and gave me stuff that I never could dream of while bouncing around foster homes like a pinball. It was when I was "home" with him the summer after college graduation that I found out about his real work. Until then, I was under the impression that he ran an import/export business for construction materials like granite.

One night, he had walked in the front double doors swaying as though drunk and sank into an armchair in the den. He hadn't noticed me at the top of the staircase. He wouldn't have been expecting me anyhow. I was supposed to be out catching up with high school friends and staying over with them, but a nasty stomach bug brought me back early. Concerned, I went to get him some water. When I got close to him, I saw what I had missed earlier from upstairs.

A large amount of blood had stained the side of his maroon jacket soaking all the way down to his black pants. I cried out in alarm and that's when he finally noticed that I was there. I immediately pulled out my phone but he grunted disapprovingly in pain. When I looked up at his frighteningly pale face, he forced out the words "No. Nobody can know. Help me up". Seeing the he was in no condition to carry on an argument, I did as he asked.

He seemed to be on the edge of consciousness from all the blood he must have lost, but when I sat him down at his desk, he activated some controls I never knew about before. It closed and locked the door to the den, shuttered the blinds, and the desk descended like an elevator car into a large space beneath the room that resembled a garage.

In the shock I was experiencing at his condition, I just didn't question all the supplies, technology, and weaponry that were so neatly organized in a secret room I'd never known about. He pointed at what looked like a mini-fridge with a big, red square cross on the door - obviously, something medical. With no clue what his injuries were or what was in there that could help, I rushed to it. He wheezed out "blood in there, it's mine" as he stared after me.

I didn't have to search much to find a transfusion kit. Having volunteered at blood drives and being a regular blood donor myself, I had a vague idea what to do. I helped him take off his jacket and saw the tourniquet at his underarm helping to slow the leak at his brachial artery. Panicking, I fumbled with the blood bag and dropped it. It wasn't a flimsy item at all, but I had still damaged it pretty badly. Noticing from the label that we had the same blood type, I hooked myself up to him directly... It was the longest 15 minutes of my life as I watched his labored breathing telling me that he was still there. When he became more lucid, he gave me some more instructions and we got him more stabilized. Although he was grateful for my assistance, I couldn't help but imagine that he would have somehow managed to save himself.

Over that weekend, I came to find about the real work he was doing in the world. He gave me a simple choice - to leave him and go off on my own never to mention that night again, or take on a role assisting him in the company he ran as a front while moonlighting as a superhero sidekick. 

B.G. had mainly been after a smuggler trafficking everything from rare/endangered animals to child/sex slaves. This guy - or gal - had "his" illicit operations so well run that we couldn't even ID him. After I teamed up with B.G., we were successful here and there in freeing some kidnapped kids or releasing some poor creature back to its homeland, but never seemed to get close to the main person in control. Through posing as potential buyers, and setting up some mercenaries to ambush us - putting even ourselves in danger since we didn't reveal ourselves to the hired guns - we briefly gained an audience with the smuggling mastermind. Somehow s/he could tell during our meeting that we weren't on their side - you don't get far in that world without keen logic and insights and our enemy was even more intelligent than s/he was cruel. Barely escaping with our lives, we've been chasing him/her for several years now.

Fast forward to "today"... I think of all the years of life I'm losing that I planned to meet a nice girl, work on the career I went to school for, and start getting ready for a family of my own. Lately, I avoid B.G. as much as I responsibly can. It's noble, dangerous work that we do that no government or law enforcement dares help with, but it's consumed his entire life and now eats away at mine. This was one such forlorn afternoon, and I was out at a cafe by the lake that I always thought was relaxing.

That's where I met this incredible girl - let's call her Chloe. Chloe, with hair and eyes as dark as her skin was pale, but a fit yet totally feminine figure. We connected about having tough bosses whose work we really believed in, and how we felt personally obligated to support them. Over time, little by little, we came to suspect each other that a lot more was going on than we were letting on... which we ignore for the sake of a new friendship that we both crave in our lives.

We end up dating, and we are both busy hiding our real lives from each other believing the other to be an innocent. In some near-tragic circumstance in a battle in a foreign jungle, we find out our real identities. But this is after we had fallen deeply in love. Instead of what usually happens in a situation like this where we would separate bitterly, we agree to temporarily keep up appearances in our public lives. It becomes almost comical how we now recognize that whenever either of us makes an excuse to do something alone, we're actually slinking off to duty. (BTW, I find out that Chloe is actually just a bodyguard, and not directly involved in any of the smuggling. This somewhat lightens the impact on my conscience that I'm "sleeping with the enemy". It turns out that she actually doesn't seem to know about the more heinous crimes of her boss. He had actually spared her from being sold into slavery.)

The eventual outcome is that B.G. and I serve justice on the bad "guy". But B.G. is mortally wounded. Chloe goes into hiding because she is ashamed of whom she has been protecting. And I'm left with an empty life - although I am B.G.'s only heir to both his property, and his calling as a superhero.

It seems bittersweet early on, but I get really into the work. And I start meeting some interesting characters and allying with them. To name a few: a mermaid who knows all the Earth's seas and sea creatures, a man from an ancient cult who (wears rather shiny vambraces and) can temporarily call upon inhuman strength, and a humanoid alien with incredible powers of flight, skin harder than any metal, and an ability to manipulate the temperature of materials by will.

Edit: Grammar, spelling, and a few details.

P.S. I just wanted to point out that nowhere in the telling of this short story could you really know the gender of the character in first person. But you probably assumed it was a male, didn't you? 😜