Dennis, in his black robes gored with copious streaks of blood (actually red paint), had a serene smile on his face. It was in stark contrast to his parents, who stood there red-faced, lips twisted downwards angrily, while clothed in pure white, but wrinkled robes of the kingdom’s one deity: Destork.

“Son,” Maria said. “What the hell is wrong with you?”

Meanwhile, Sadie slowly let her head sink into her hands, brief sobs springing from her.

“What’s wrong with a cult?” Dennis said in a calm drawl.

“You are worshipping an evil deity!” Maria hissed. “Destork is the one true Lord. And what do you revere? A god who eats humans?”

Dennis held his hands up, backing away slightly in mock shock.

“Woah. I’ll have you know, Karsulak might engage in a spot of entrails eating once in a while, but he is not evil.”

Maria’s head continued to bulge, a particularly protruding forehead vein pulsing so hard that it was almost making a sound.

“How is that… how…”

“Maria,” Sadie said through her hands. “Leave it be. He is dead to me.”

Dennis breathed in deeply.

“Mothers,” he said. “Think of it this way. We believe in different gods, right? But think how many gods there are out there. Let’s say 10,000. You don’t believe in 9,999 of them, and I also don’t believe in 9,999 of them.”

“Is that supposed to make things better somehow?” Maria screamed.

Dennis raised an eyebrow.

“Does it?”

“Not at all,” Maria cried. “Karsulak shouldn’t be believed. He’s a false god! He shall never be able to usurp the reign of Destork! He—”

Dark energy began to swirl behind Maria and Sadie, who were oblivious to it. It began palpitating, a fast heartbeat. Still silent, an unbelievable form began to take shape within it, a fearsome combination of too many eyes, too many teeth, and just the right amount of evil.

“Karsulak,” Dennis whispered.

“What?”

With an almost comical extending of Karsulak’s jaw, it enveloped both Maria and Sadie. Blood splashed across Dennis, mingling with what was once a decently black and dry robe.

“Well. Goodbye, I guess,” Dennis said. His head was down in reverence, but his voice wavered. “Thank you. But I believe in a god whose deeds I can see.”

“Child,” Karsulak said. “The ritual is complete. By the bloods, you are now one of mine.”

“O’ Great Karsulak,” Dennis knelt. It was difficult to drive the melancholy away from his voice. “It is done.”

But it had to be done.

---

r/dexdrafts