Talking to yourself is usually attributed to some sort of insanity. To avoid that, most people just keep their monologue in their head. With that said, it’s impossible for me to avoid.  
  
The air was filled with a faintly familiar, maybe even nostalgic scent of coffee grounds. Outside, the sky was overcast, creating a stark contrast between the gray streets and buildings and the warmly-lit interior of the café. The entrance bell would ring every so often, bringing a gust of cool air in with it. I shivered every time as I was hit with yet another unfamiliar balance of sensations.  
  
A customer approached the counter and ordered a latte of sorts. Then, as I started to work on it, they continued talking.  
  
“So, how far are you along?”  
  
I looked up to them. I hardly recognized the face. “What do you mean?”  
  
They rolled their eyes. “You know what I mean. Have you reached a billion yet?”  
  
I turned my gaze back down to my work. “Spoilers,” is all I responded with, and the rest of the interaction was spent in relative silence.  
  
The truth was, I didn’t know. I knew I used to count, but between reliving childhood many times over, reverting to a newborn, being bedridden with disease, and feeling the cold, yet warm embrace of death, I had completely lost track.   
  
The rest of the day went by uneventfully, and I made it back to my “home” before I knew it. I spent the rest of the night sifting through the mess that was my consciousness.   
  
Twenty million. I had done the math many times, and that’s how many years would have passed for me if I were to live a single day on Earth in every single person’s shoes. From those of the richest man in the world, to the impoverished. From viewing the world in an unbelievably large palette of colors, to not being able to see at all. I had experienced the grief, joy, pain, and euphoria of millions. And if not that, then billions.  
  
I was tired.  
  
With my eyelids growing heavy, I plopped myself down on the hard mattress. I closed my eyes that night, and prepared to wake up yet again that morning.  
  
For a time, I wondered if I was a god of sorts. I could trudge onward and change the life of whomever I wished, for better or for worse, and all I needed was a single day. But wait, I then thought, what if this continued indefinitely? Would I not just be hurting myself?  
  
Wouldn’t you know it, that’s how it played out.  
  
I woke up in a slightly more comfortable bed. Groggy, I sat up, opening my eyes to the view of a dark room. I pulled out a phone via muscle memory to check the time, and was greeted with a bright screen that read five-in-the-morning in large, bold font. Just as I turned it off, though, something about it caught my eye. I turned it on, and my heart fluttered.   
  
The day had changed.   
  
I don’t remember much else from that day. I can only assume I partied really hard, only to wake up without a hangover, that very same morning.  
  
I don’t know why this hell started. I don’t know if it will ever end. Even with all the questions I have had answered, there are millions left, and those two are the most pressing. I’ve lived through what I assume at this point is sixty million years, and I’ve only made it three days into the future.

\------

Not my most compelling piece, but this just reminded me of the Kurzgesagt video [The Egg - A Short Story](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h6fcK_fRYaI) and I just felt like writing something on it.

Thanks for the prompt OP!

r/IUniven