(1/2) I sat down at my desk and opened the envelope. It was addressed to the previous owner of my home, who had died a few years ago. The envelope was yellowed with age and the flap had been sealing shut with a wax seal. Inside was an "Application for Immortality".  
  
  
  
The questions were strange and entertaining. I filled it out. Some of the questions asked about my views on life and death, what I would do with immortality, and how I would feel about living forever. I considered my answers. It was a bit like an exam. I wondered if I could apply for immortality through the mail.  
  
  
  
I thought about death for a moment. I wondered what it would be like to live forever. I imagined eating breakfast each morning and never having to go to work, or ever being tired again. I could read all the books I wanted and discuss them with the authors. I could watch TV for hours every day, eat all my favorite foods, and drink all the wine and beer I wanted. I could learn to play an instrument and write a song. I could travel the world and learn to speak other languages. I could go to bed early every night and wake up whenever I wanted in the morning.  
  
  
  
I decided that if I could live forever, I would probably be bored out of my mind.  
  
  
  
I finished the application and put it back in the envelope. I sealed it with some wax from a candle, and then put it back in the drawer with the other letters and postcards. I’d leave it there for now and maybe one day I’d mail it.  
  
  
  
I went into the kitchen for a glass of water. I was about to turn off the lights when something caught my eye in the window. There was a woman in the backyard, walking toward the house. She was wearing a long black coat and carrying something that looked like an axe. She walked up to the back door, paused for a moment, and then knocked.  
  
  
  
I froze. I wasn’t sure what to do. I considered hiding, but I knew she would find me. I considered running out the front door, but I knew she would catch me. I considered pretending I wasn’t home, but I knew she would know.  
  
  
  
She knocked again, this time harder and more insistent.  
  
  
  
I slowly walked to the door and opened it a crack.  
  
  
  
The woman standing before me was Death.  
  
  
  
"I've come for you," she said.  
  
  
  
"But I haven't done anything," I protested. "I'm too young to die."  
  
  
  
Death chuckled softly. "That may be, but it doesn't change the fact that you're going to die."  
  
  
  
"Can't you take someone else?" I begged. "Someone who deserves it more than me?"  
  
  
  
Death shook her head. "No, I'm afraid not. It's your time."  
  
  
  
"But there's so much I still want to do," I said pleadingly. "I haven't even lived yet."  
  
  
  
Death considered me for a moment and then she said, " very well, then. Come with me and I'll show you what your life could have been."   
  
  
  
Without waiting for a response, Death took hold of my hand and led me out of the house into the night. We walked silently through the streets of my neighborhood until we came to a large open field. In the center of the field was a tree, and hanging from the tree was a swing.  
  
  
  
"This is where you would have come as a child," Death said. "It's where you would have played with your friends."  
  
  
  
I looked around the empty field and then back at Death. "But there's no one here."  
  
  
  
"No," Death replied. "There's no one here because you never had any friends."  
  
  
  
I felt a lump form in my throat and tears well up in my eyes. I turned away from Death and silently walked back to my house.