“Of course that’s what you meant!  You demons live and die by contracts!  How could that mean anything differently!?”

The demon chuckled, “Live and die by contracts.  Really?  Is that what the mortals think of us?”

I took a step back, trying to catch my breath and order my thoughts, “Well, yes of course.  Everyone knows, demons form contracts for mortal souls.  And those contracts are always fulfilled to the letter.”

The chuckle grew into a deep and sinister laugh, “You talk as though contract demons represent all of us.”

“We captured a demon.  They told us no man could kill you.  So I was selected and trained from a young age for the single purpose of killing you.”

The demon laughed again.  I saw the opening and thrust the holy sword forward fast and true.  The tip of my blade glanced off the demon’s skin as easily as if I’d struck a chuck of solid steal.

“Truly, mortals are so amusing.  That’s why I so love these games.  Honestly, just wipe out a few villages and the entertainment practically never stops.  You just throw yourselves at us in droves hoping any of the inane excuses we give you might turn out to be true.”

They reached out and grasped my blade before I could withdraw and snapped it as though it were no more than a twig.  I stumbled back, “But, a mage cast a truth spell!  Our captured demon couldn’t have lied to us!”

The demon’s smirk grew into a terrible grin, “Before I kill you, I’ll let you in on a small secret.”

I took another step back, glancing to knights fighting fearlessly around me, trying to hold the line against an ever growing scourge of demons.  I had to do something.  Anything. 

I tossed the remnants of my blade aside, pulled the magic scroll from the pouch on my left hip and the vial of holy water from the pouch on my right.  The demon watched curiously, their grin never ceasing.  I unstopped the vial, flung the contents into the air, unrolled the scroll and quickly recited the spell I’d spent hours memorizing.

The magic laced into me, wrapping cold tendrils around my heart.  The edges of the scroll lit with a blue flame as the magic activated, turning the paper to ash in a near instant.  The mage’s warning echoed once again through my mind, “This must be your last resort.  Since you are no mage, the magic will use your life force and there’s no telling exactly how much it will consume.  It could very well kill you the moment you cast the spell.”

The drops of water began to glow with holy light and before my eyes, transformed into mighty spears which could only have been wielded by angles themselves.  The spears streaked forward, tearing the air and piercing the demon.  They let out a horrible scream of pain, hands clenched around two of the spears embedded deep into their chest.  I sank to my knees, the magic pulling nearly all the remaining strength from me.  It was over.  Nothing could survive holy magic of such a high tier.  I let out a heavy sigh and wiped the sweat and grime from my face.  It was over.

The demon’s chuckle nearly stopped my heart, “So, did you like my acting?  Was it convincing?  Did you truly believe I died?”

I looked up.  I could feel blood drain from my face.  I couldn’t breath.  The bright holy light of the spears flickered, then vanished.  There wasn’t even a mark on the demons red skin.

“That’s not...this can’t be possible,” I stammered, “That magic–“

“Was completely useless.  Shame you used some of your now very short life for it.  Your mages should have done more research,” the demon straightened and brushed some dirt from their bare shoulder, “Honestly, you and your friends were hardly even worth getting excited for.  I even spent all that time this morning making sure I looked my best for the part.”

The demon waved their hand, a trail of dark magic following their fingertips.  Mortal screams filled the air behind me.  I turned slowly, dreading to see the truth my ears already heard.  My allies all fell together, their amor crushed inwards like nothing more than leather satchels being squished beneath a cart.  In the horrible silence that followed the demon took a deep breath, “Let me spell it out for you, since obviously, you’ve got bad informants.  What language do you think contracts are written in?”

“De-demonic,” I whispered.

They stepped closer, I could feel their evil aura wrap around me, I couldn’t move, my body no longer obeyed, and I could scarce draw a breath.  I was going to die.

“So you do know something then.  Tell me, did the demon you captured tell you how to kill me in demonic?”

I nodded.

The demon knelt before me, their clawed hand wrapping around my chin, forcing me to gaze into their twisted face.  Their breath smelled of rot and blood, “And the demon’s words were translated, no doubt by a mage who cast a spell of language translation or something similar correct?”

“Yes.”

The demon’s wings folded away behind them, and their eyes gleamed with bemusement.  “Did you know, we demons, we don’t have a gender or sex like the some of the mortal species do.  Male, female, man, woman, boy, girl, him, her.  Completely meaningless.  Do you even think of me as a man or woman?  Surely not.”

I winced as their grip on my skull tightened, “Why would that even matter?”

“Because,” the demon said, “Demonic doesn’t even have the words to distinguish between any of those things.  Why would we bother with that?  To us, it’s all the same.  But, of course, you mortals took it literally.  You thought by sending a woman to kill me, you’d somehow outsmarted us.”

“No,” I gasped, my heart sinking, “No, the demon swore they were telling the truth!  I believed.  I-I prayed endlessly.”

“Ah, but it doesn’t matter.  You must see that now.  Nothing you do to me could ever matter.  The demon you captured didn’t lie, your mage just didn’t translate correctly.”

I swallowed, it felt like everything was twisting in around me.  Everything I’d ever believed, just going up in smoke.  My whole life...based on a translation error?

The demon’s voice hardened, “As a mercy, I’ll make your death painless, miss would-be-hero.”