Yún Yóu sat, still and quiet, listening as the Grandmaster made tea. The smell permeated the room, lingering aromas from the morning meal slowly drowning in the plain steam scent as the tea steeped. Outside in the morning sunshine, cicadas played their shrill and droning music.

"They say you are a prodigy," the Grandmaster said. "They say you already teach like a master. That you are a journeyman only because you are too young to be accepted as a higher pupil."

Yóu sighed at the compliment, but bowed nonetheless.

"You shame me, Water Lord," he said. "I have done nothing to deserve this honor."

The small fire in the kiln twisted, reaching out as if in supplication. Yóu reached his own hand back, and the flames coiled around his thin fingers like the ghost of an orange serpent. As the fire comforted Yóu, tea coiled from the spout of the teapot. Steaming and green, it poured itself neatly into the two cups nearby.

The Grandmaster picked up her teacup, carefully sipping. She watched Yóu play with the flickering flames as if they were a garden snake. After a few moments, they began to pale and wither, and he released them back into the kiln. There, they caught the coals once more, and flowed back into their natural form as a small cooking fire.

"You treat the flames as if they are alive. I knew a girl once, who did much the same with metal." The Grandmaster cocked a white eyebrow at the young man, her wrinkled skin a topology of curiosity.

Yóu sat, quietly contemplating for a moment. Then with slow, careful movements, he unwound the bandage over his ruined eyes. The scarred and melted flesh caught at the linen, but he gently separated it with a small wince.

Once more, the flames in the kiln reached out. Gently, they licked the metal table, and found their way over the side, where they swept back and forth until they found the porcelain cup. Only then did Yóu reach his hand out, finding his cup with a lazy sort of grace.

They sat for a moment, sipping their tea. Yóu could not see the Grandmaster's expression, but he could hear her ancient heartbeat pounding in excitement. He heard her hand quiver, rattling teacup against table as she set it down.

"I see; I believe I see," she whispered. "It's not the flames that live."

Yóu reached into his robes, finding his spare bandage. He held out the fresh strip of linen, straightening it in his hands, and offered it in the direction of the Grandmaster's voice. He felt her fingers brush his, as she carefully took it from him. He listened as she tied it, using it to cover her own eyes.

"This is all I have to teach, Water Lord. Once the flames light your path, you are a master in all but rank."

Blind but for the light of the fire, two masters bowed to one another. Quietly, they finished their tea as the cicadas sang.