They all warned Deborah about him. After all, she was the new kid in town, having moved in from another part of the world. The old, homeless man, wearing ragged clothes, holding out a metal mug of loose change. His eyes faded, possibly cataracts, cracked lips from the cold, tangled matted hair under his woolen hat. He wore a woolen sweater, long pants, torn in some areas, and some scruffy boots. Jacket wrapped around his skinny, frail, malnourished frame. But he was no ordinary homeless beggar.

You see, he was always near the alleyway that she took to get home from middle school, and always turned to look at her as she came by. Deborah would always offer a smile, and a dollar coin or two for him. She'd pause, reach into her bag, carefully taking a few coins out and placing them in his mug. No words would be exchanged, just a smile, the clink of coins, and a nod of thanks from the old man. And then, she'd head through the alley, back home. Nevermind those looks of disgust he got. Or the tsking and tut-tuts she got. Somehow, there seemed to be some sort of... ritual between them. "He seems like a nice man?" Deborah would respond, in her slightly foreign tone of voice, "at least, he seems harmless, doesn't he?" And that would be the end of the discussion.

It happened one evening, as Deborah was coming back from school, on her usual route to the alley. There were a handful of thugs. They were holding on to the man's hat. Another one kicked the mug of coins, scattering them. The homeless beggar on his feet, stumbling as he tries to reach for his hat. Getting punched in the stomach by one of the thugs. Falling back against the wall as the rowdy bullies laugh. Deborah counts six of them in total. And without hesitation, she marches up to the nearest thug, grabs his shirt, and yanks him aside with all her might. "Hey!" Immediately, the thugs step back, turning to face the petite girl.

"Oh, what do we have here?" the lead thug says, tauntingly, a leering grin on his face. Teeth yellowed and stained from cigarettes. But Deborah is not afraid. "Shame on you all, picking on a defenceless old man!" she yells. She looks around, but there is nobody in sight. Nobody that can help. The alley is deserted. Deborah starts to move into the alley, and the thugs follow, ignoring the old beggar who has since slumped to the ground, winded, clutching his belly. The thugs block the exit of the alley, forcing them to move deeper into the alley. "You are quite the pretty thing... aren't you?" one of the thugs teases her, licking his lips.

Deborah looks around, one last time, but there's no one around to help them. She licks her lips, tongue unnaturally long for a human. Her mouth widening, sharp teeth emerging as her body slowly shifts back into her mimic form. The thugs stare, frozen in terror. One of them shrieks, jolting the rest into action and they turn to flee, back out the way they came into the alley. But "Deborah" does not pursue. And as the thugs reach the exit of the alley, they see the homeless beggar. He too, licks his lips, a wider-than-humanly-possible grin on his face...

Two hours later, a girl and a man walk out from the alley. The alleyway is a mess, but there isn't a trace of blood or gore on their bodies. After all, their clothes are part of their mimic anatomy. "You should really learn how humans speak, 'grandpa'," the girl says, smacking the man's arm. He offers a grunt. "But I suppose, that went pretty well," she continues, "better than luring individual children in." They walk in silence for a while longer, arriving at an old warehouse, stopping to peer inside. There are the sounds of police sirens in the distance.

"Hmm.. I guess we should do the furniture thing until this blows over..."