The first thing I notice is the smell. It’s some kind of unholy cross between burnt carpet and wet garbage, which doesn’t actually make a whole lot of sense. My eyes are being most uncooperative and struggle to stay open when I manage to pry the iron curtains known as my eyelids. As I try to sit up that’s when I feel the sensation of something on my chest, something warm and not exactly light.    
  
Ah, it’s Lucy. The past nights events begin to leak into my brain like a nicked spleen. Right some sort of half-assed confession, whatever drugs I’d managed to get my hands on (unsurprisingly dealers were low on supplies) , and a night of debauchery in an abandoned hotel room. I gingerly, or as gingerly as a person with a cocktail of drugs making their way through their system and full bladder could be, extricated myself from their intoxicated embrace and shuffled off the bathroom. On my way over I noticed some poor sob face down the floor, I bent down for a moment to see if he was still breathing. It wasn’t Lucy’s boyfriend but at least they seemed to be still kicking whoever they were.   
  
Once my bladder was blissfully empty, I made the mistake of looking the mirror as I habitually washed my hands. The phrase “you look like shit,” didn’t really cover it. I had some sort of...I guess one might call it mohawk and the then there was the color, an unholy abomination that had already faded into tangerine and chartreuse, which wasn’t exactly new. I’d gotten the dye job right after everyone head the news before things went to shit, back when people were still exchanging money for goods and services. Which is why the “mohawk” was done with a little help from my roommate.    
  
Right, Jude, was she still sitting on their raggedy couch shrugging her shoulders as the world burned? I made it back to main area and haphazardly searched for my phone. After checking all the available flat surfaces that I might have placed it on I saw fancy jeans I had decided to squeeze my ass into for what was supposed to be my last day on earth. There in the back pocket I saw it poking out. I grabbed it and was treated to a low battery warning and a dozen of missed calls most of them from dear old dad, which gave me a bit of a laugh. I could sort that out later, first...   
  
I waited anxiously as I held the phone up to my ear. I noticed the lump on the floor begin to stir. I quietly grabbed my pants which mercifully still had my keys still clipped onto them and slid out the door.    
  
“C’mon Jude pick up,” I said under my breath as I held the phone between my ear and shoulder and tried to navigate my legs into these infernal pants.    
  
“This is Jude,” said a rather nonchalant voice.   
  
“JUDE,” I practically yelled before quickly tapering my voice down, “you're still alive.”   
  
“Course I am, everybody is...well everybody that didn’t already get offed.”   
  
I sighed, yeah there had been more than a few people playing out revenge fantasies, at first anyway. Once it sunk in that the entire planet was supposedly doomed it didn’t seem to matter much anymore.    
  
“Yeah, everyone went crazy for a while...”   
  
“Still are, now if your done getting your dick wet, I could use your help over here.”   
  
“Hey me and Lucy-” I stopped myself, yeah, we weren’t anything. The only true thing I had said last night was that I hadn’t wanted to ruin our friendship and that with the world ending and all I figured I’d try my luck. “Yeah, yeah I’ll be right over.”    
  
I stepped off the curb onto the asphalt and immediately looked down at my bare feet. I looked back towards the hotel room and clucked my tongue.    
  
Today was going to be a long day.