I pried out a sock that was stuck between the dryer wheel and under space, laughing as i saw the burnt-to-a-crisp remains of a white nike swoosh through the crack. There were more lost goods underneath and that swoosh shouldn't have been so dark.

I'd probably have a fire if I left it so I decided to take the old lady apart. She'd served me well as I moved into the largely unfurnished apartment of the eccentric Matty Bogins. He'd lived in the neighborhood half a century from what I'd been told, largely just living off an ancient lottery win. Mary next door showed me the newspaper from the fateful day as if it'd become a reflex.

"Hey hey, so you're buying, huh?" She said as she smacked on too much chewing gum, watermelon flavor judging by her breath.

"Well, looky here, look look," she said as she dangled a worn newspaper page in front of me. The watermelon breath was a wretched counter-scent to the ever growing smell of cigarette that was leaking out the door, and no doubt off of her clothes.

"Matty won big around the time i moved in, he threw parties for a year and then...Ho! Boy. And I shouldn't tell you this. But he turned into a bit of a shut in. My kids, grandkids, never saw the man once. But i knew him well. Strange guy. He turned the place into a bit of a hoard nest over the years, i could see the piles building up in the windows."

Mary slowed her spew at that, rolling her eyes up and realizing perhaps that she shouldn't have mentioned the hoarding. I met the man once and was almost scared off from the property then and there. He swore the house was trying to kill him after he'd broken an arm after seeing a ghost. He spaced out and started hearing things, disappearing into the back yelling about something in the attic.

The realtor didn't let me come over when Matty was around after that, always excuses that they had some heavy work being done and it wasn't fit for a visit. When I moved in the place was clean as could be and the only furnishings were in the laundry room.

After a while spent unscrewing screws and carefully organizing and photographing where every piece went i was ready to rip out the innards and see what Matty and I had lost in there over the years.

The wheel creaked and croaked as did my back when i hefted it out. I set it down and peeked my head in. Ho boy was I in for a surprise. I felt a wave of static wash over me and then a small sparking in the corner. I flinched but kept looking, and that's when the yellow eyes blinked. Once, twice, and then the wave of static sparked again, and I removed my head before it was blown apart.

*Eyes* I thought. And beside what I may or may not have seen, there was certainly a crusty mound of socks and things visible in the static light. The laundry room lighting was pretty awful at night so I went to get a flashlight and returned.

I pointed the light in and sure enough, there were those eyes. It looked like a black lizard curled into the nest of old clothes. And on the floor of the dryer there was a wealth of pennies and dimes like you might see piled up in one of those arcade coin games.

Looks like I had a pest problem.