It was like a starry rain the way the thousands of quarters cascaded into the canyon below, singing out faint, tiny jingles as they crashed into the bottom of the canyon. My first instinct was to climb down and try and pick up the bag myself, but I knew how often overconfident amateur climbers fell to their death doing even more innocuous stunts, so I quickly ruled that out. The immediate next idea was to run away before anyone noticed what destruction I'd caused The Grand Canyon and all the ecosystems within, but that was another impossibility after considering that it was my infinite money supply. I would routinely visit coin counter machines in banks and supermarkets to pad my finances. This was my income. Without it, I was back to living a life of a salaried position with limited travel. I didn't think I could return to that kind of life. 

I was largely on my own at this point in the canyon, hundred of feet away from the nearest gift shop, which meant it was likely that people at the top of the canyon had not yet caught on to the situation. I thought maybe if I got one of those trash grabbers, I'd be able to get out of this situation before it got any worse. The quarters landed erratically, not yet enough having fallen to make a pile on the ground, but a large plane of shiny silver was forming, with plenty of quarters diving right into the river. I ran to the nearest building, hoping to ask a ranger to get a trash grabber and act like a good tourist that just wanted to clean up some of the national park. 

As I rushed through the door, several heads turned my way. I was hoping to be discreet, but my red face and heavy breathing was attracting a lot of attention by those browsing souvenirs inside. I swallowed hard and tried to smile innocently, but was only met with more concerned stares. I walked up to the clerk and smiled at them, they looked up and frowned, presumably unhappy to have to deal with an overly excited customer this early in the day. 

"Hi can I get uhhhhh..." my eyes had drifted to the window behind them which had a perfect frame of the stream of quarters flowing out of the bag. My eyes widened and my syllable continued to elongate as the cashier rolled her eyes. 

"Yes?" she asked with a short wave, regaining my focus.

"D-Do you have track grabbers?" I asked, turning around and looking behind me to see if any other tourists were looking out this window. No one so far. 

"Ummm," she thought as she browsed the shelves beneath her. She picked up a stick and placed it on the counter. "We have these spikier hiking sticks. Could easily stab through whatever you're looking to pick up if that works?"

Of the Rules of the Bag included the rule that I could not puncture the bag, or else the quarters would stop flowing. 

"Do you have anything else?" I asked desperately, my eyes widening further as the flow of quarters seemed overwhelming from this angle. 

"Hey look!" a teenager said behind me, startling me. "I thought there weren't any waterfalls on this end?" 

I turned slowly, and confirmed they were looking out the same window as me. There was a teen and his father looking over a map. 

"You're right," the dad said, amused. "Must be an interesting trick of the light."

"Can we check it out?" the son asked. 

"Hmm, I don't know if we have time... but maybe..."

"Thank you, this'll be great!" I suddenly spun back and screamed at the cashier as she was searching for any trash grabbers. 

"Umm, are you sure--"

I had already thrown a small pile of quarters from my pocket onto the counter, grabbed the pointy stick, and bolted for the door. 

"Hey, you can't--"

"I don't need a receipt, thanks!" I yelled as the door closed behind me. 

I sprinted back to the point of the canyon where the Quarter Bag continued to erupt with dozens of dollars worth of quarters every second. There was a definite pile at the bottom of the canyon now, distinguishable to the naked eye. I laid myself flat on the earth and reached down with the pointy hiking stick, putting the more grippy edge toward the bag and the pointy end to myself. I would press the bag against the canyon wall and drag it up to me. As I carefully reached down with the stick, my heart dropped into my stomach as I noticed something on the horizon. 

A collection of white water rafters were coming down the river and would reach the waterfall of quarters in about a minute at the rate they were moving. I was trying and failing to focus my breathing as my shaky arm hovered the shaky stick an inch above the bag. I looked at the rafters and back to the bag a dozen times in the span of three seconds and finally placed all my focus on the Quarter Bag. I grit my teeth, said a prayer, and slammed the stick against the bag, wincing as I felt the quarters run across the stick. The bag was pinned against the wall, but the flow didn't slow down at all. I dragged it up an inch and was surprised to see that it moved easily, feeling as though it was an empty bag. I continued to drag and inch at a time, until it was about a foot away from arms reach. 

I could see the white water rafters pointing above now, but I didn't slow my rate of dragging. I could stop the flow before any quarters could puncture their rafts and bring more attention to the bag. It was just inches away now, sweat flowing freely from my nose as I stretch my entire body to grab it. 

"What is that?" the teen's voice asked from right behind me. 

I shrieked and momentarily lost control of the stick, which sent the bag falling down the canyon, quarters flying in every direction as it spun on an axis during its fall. It landed right on the edge of the riverbank, to which I sighed heavily. I could pinpoint where this was in the canyon and I should be able to still grab it.

Then a yellow raft full of bewildered travelers gave the river a miniscule wave in the water, which licked the bag and swallowed it, a trail of quarters marking where the bag flowed down the rapid waters.

I stared numbly. 

"Were those quarters?" the father asked me. 

"I have to go," I got up and ran along the canyon, hoping I wouldn't fall to my death as I tracked where the bag ended up next. 

____________________________________

For more stories, check out r/Nazer_the_Lazer!