I shouldn't have been surprised. I really shouldn't. After all, the war had raged for my lifetime, my parents, and my grandparent's lifetime. It was insanity after insanity But... I stared up at the new member of our little group. He was a frog. Sure, he was large and definitely muscular and more brightly coloured than I would have thought. But he was a frog...  
"Hello. I've been assigned to your group. My name is Garthaking. I am honoured to fight alongside such great warriors." He bowed, his voice only a little hoarse. I almost asked him if he had a frog in his throat. Extending my hand I introduced myself.  
"I'm Captain Reiger. Pleased to meet you." He bowed again, ignoring my hand. I dropped it, trying not to feel offended. Different people, different traditions. Maybe shaking hands was offensive to him.   
"I'll take you round to the others."  
———————  
"Enemies in the camp! Get up! Enemies!" The shout rang out louder than anyone in our party had ever been able to yell. At least before we got Garthaking. That was him yelling. I jumped out of bed looking regretfully at my armour. There was no time for that. Grabbing my fighting spears I dashed out of the tent, buck naked, the wind scraping over my lightly feathered body. A growling form rose in front of me and I dispatched it. The camp was roiling, how did all these enemies get here? I spun as claws raked my back. Stabbing into the shadows a yelp told me I had landed a hit.   
"Everyone rally to me! To me!" Again Garthaking shouted, and I found myself obeying the loud voice. Never mind that I was the Captain. If he was half the warrior his rumours made him out to be, we would need him tonight. I drew closer to the hulking form of the frog warrior, counting out the figures of my own men that surrounded him. Relief flashed through me as I stabbed into another figure. They were all there.  
"Captain!" Garthaking saluted me, casually backhanding another attacker. "Permission to unleash a full assault on these vermin."   
"Permission granted. Anything you need from us?"   
"Stay back." With that, Garthaking jumped into the fray. Literally. He rose into the air, thumping down into the center of the massed enemy warriors. And he dealt death. Like a whirlwind, he was everywhere. It took me a few seconds to parse what he was doing. He was *embracing* the enemy?  
For a second, I believed he had betrayed us. I even opened my mouth to shout, but then I saw what happened to those he touched. They convulsed, falling to the ground dead. His very touch was poison. Remembering the day he came I shuddered, suddenly thankful that he hadn't shaken my hand.   
It was over in the next few minutes. And when Garthaking came up to me, he wasn't even breathing heavily.   
"Pleased to report the enemy is dead, Sir." I stared at him, trying to come up with something to say.  
"Good work soldier. You're not bad. For a Frog-kind." He smiled at my words, the large gummy smile that had so unsettled me when I first saw it.   
"You're not too bad either, Sir. For a Heron-kind."