The stunned crowd looked around at each other, eyes wide with panic and confusion. Some with mouths hung agape, shocked to silence by what the massive being standing next to the President of the United States had just said. Others whispered to each other in urgent, hushed tones without daring to take their eyes off the towering colossus - who looked at once *so human*, with long black hair and a flowing, immaculately groomed beard. 
And yet the fleet of a thousand hovering warships, blanketing the sky and casting pitch black shadows over the White House lawn, begged to differ. 

"System-Breakers", the leader of the free world had called them, although he insisted emphatically that there was no cause for alarm. He had promised to explain their sudden presence around the globe after first announcing a slew of new trade embargoes against their longtime, hated enemies the Canadians. Bans and tariffs targeting rare delicacies and commodities that would hit Big Maple where they would feel it the most: Jellybeans, Duvets and Matt Damon films (both past and all future blockbusters to come). The crowd of patriots had of course been thrilled to hear that the apologetic oligarchs of the Great White North would be once again taken down a peg - "Cold War Celsius" had been a drain on the nation's tax dollars for decades. But the President's words had done little to dissuade the crowd of their concerns about the invading force of alien ships which had swept the Earth in the short span of a few hours. 

Looking pale and shaken, he had introduced the behemoth man seated behind him - adorned in the pelts and hides of beasts no man had before witnessed nor dreamt of - as a member of the WRATHLORD race. The President had then urged (in a tone heavily implying that the typically implacable man had learned the hard way) that any who deigned to repeat or print the name of their "extra-terrestrial brethren" do so expressly in capital letters at all times, or by screaming it at the full extent of their lung capacity. He had stated that in no uncertain terms would the United States of America dream to offend their "peaceful friends from across the stars", and that any found guilty of disobeying his presidential edict protecting the religious beliefs of the WRATHLORDS would be subject to incarceration, summary execution or a five-hundred dollar fine according to the laws of their respective states. But before the grumbling crowd could even mutter a word of protest, the being seated behind the President had risen to his full ten-foot height and pushed the elderly man aside as though he were of no consequence at all, speaking - in a voice which seemed to reverberate across the heavens - bold words of agreement punctuated by a message more in line with the namesake of his race. 

"And I tell you now, people of Sol-3, the Harmless will not survive the Re-Quinning!" The titanic man threw his radiant mechanical axe into the crimson velvet carpet lain at his feet and roared a guttural, savage war-cry in a language both incomprehensible and strangely familiar. "We have traveled the Great Sea of Emptiness.." he continued, his head bowed low as he rested his trunk-like arms upon the podium. "..growing stronger, *always*, as the Great Tree demands. Besting the weak and sharpening our blades on the bones of the unworthy. Sowing peace and reaping order. Taking what is ours to claim, as did our forefathers and theirs before them. The solem gaze of the WRATHLORDS!.." the enormous, bearded man screamed as he paused a moment to rage at the sky. Convulsing and thrashing wildly as he pointed a single baseball bat-sized finger towards the hexagonal warships stationed threateningly overhead, ".. has fallen over the fires of sundered moons and the frigid corpses of dead stars alike. We have seeded worlds with fearsome warriors, nourished them with blood and carnage. Yet all have been found wanting. All have strayed from the Honored Path. Countless species, planets we have culled and shaped anew, each time bearing only the fruit of failure. The WRATHLORDS had lost all hope to spawn a kindred race, to foster the perfect ally in our ceaseless struggle against The-Great-Beast-That-Comes.. until *you*."

The crowd shifted uncomfortably, scrutinizing one another with obvious distrust. The gathered thrall of diverse peoples, donned in hats and garments tinted in the sacred hues of the red, white and blue, waited with palpable anticipation for further explanation. 
"You, the citizens of Sol-3! People of 'Earth', who are listening to my words broadcast from the Holy Fleet and woven into the tongues of each nation so that all might understand my purpose clear! We have watched you for millennia, descending sporadically as your species bloomed to guide you on the Honored Path. Bestowed upon our favored children the gifts of the Mind and the Blade. 'Science', 'Arithmetic', 'Philosophy' as you have come to call them. Only you, 'Humanity', have pledged yourselves with such fervent, single-purposed zeal to the conquest of weakness. Denying even the glaring existence of your makers, devoting yourselves under the guise of reward in some imagined afterlife to the pursuit of unabashed progress and victory. Over your neighbors! Over your peers! Over those you claim to love above all else." The WRATHLORD smiled broadly as he clapped his massive hands together, his applause erupting from the fleet of chrome-laced warships hanging in the skies above with a deafening sound like a near-miss thunderbolt. "The WRATHLORDS commend you! Your brutality and thirst for violence is legendary. You are fit to join us in the Fated War! Truly, you are deserving of the purpose for which you were created, and will slake your flesh-bound thirst for glory alongsi-"

"BOOOO!" an overweight, balding man in an ill-fitting Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles t-shirt called out suddenly, interrupting the WRATHLORD's praise. He stomped his feet impotently, cursing under his breath as the effort caused him to drop his jumbo sack of Almond Joy chocolates.

"Get off the stage!" another voice insisted. 

"Aliens aren't real, go back to Canada you boomer!" screeched yet another.

The WRATHLORD staggered backwards, scrutinizing the whiny thrall of naysayers with disbelief and anguish plain on his rugged features. "I don't.. But.. You.. You *nardlops*!" he roared, silencing the entitled masses. 

"You selfish, ignorant, lonk-frenking NARDLOPS! We come as friends, bearing praise and the promise of salvation.. and *this* is how you repay us? With denial, indifference and apathy? You know what, huh y-you know what? *SNORK* YOU ALL! You're not worth my time, fuel or ammunition! Enjoy dealing with the Re-Quinning on your own, you disappointing joy-vampires.."

In a flash of crackling violet light, the WRATHLORD vanished. Within seconds, the amassed fleet of System-Breakers ascended into the sky at an impossible speed, disappearing like specs of dust as though they had never been there at all. A gasp of surprise erupted from the audience as they stared up at the broken gaps in the clouds overhead where the ships had departed into space, back into the depths of the cosmos from whence they had come. The moment lingered overlong before a voice broke the uncertain silence. "U.S.A!.. U.S.A!"

The voice became and chant, and the chant broke into an impassioned refrain. "U.S.A!" people cheered and sang as they embraced one another. "We did it! Hashtag freedom!" a pair of exquisitely dressed, denominationally neutral skin-toned men exclaimed as they held hands to the dismay of an onlooking policeman. An infant ceased weeping as it shoveled it's first flavorful taste of warm, Virginia-grown apple pie deep into it's drooling muzzle. 

A loud boom in the sky overhead cut the celebration short, as a single WRATHLORD vessel appeared over the White House. 

"I changed my mind." A familiar voice echoed out over the fearful throng from the gilded System-Breaker looming high above.

"We have plenty of ammunition." were the last words heard by mankind before the planet Earth was cleansed in two by holy rays of soul-plasma.