Heathcliff could feel the smile sliding off his face as the farmer turned an ugly shade of red.

“What do you mean it found a second family?!”

“What do you mean, ‘*what do you mean*’? Cats do this all the time. The children at the other house have been feeding it scraps over the last few weeks. It seems rather happy with them and refuses to leave.”

“BUT IT’S MY CAT!”

“Yes, well….cats will do what cats want regardless of ownershi—“

The farmer, axe in hand, was already halfway down the road before he turned and shouted, “WHICH HOUSE?”

Frowning, Heathcliff sensed the situation was escaping him, quite literally. He knew his people skills weren’t up to par with his swordsmanship, but he didn’t realize they were this bad. He was beginning to regret that month he spent learning sword flourishes instead of attending that seminar Bob the Bard had recommended. What was it called? De-Escalation: the Essential Verbal Skills as taught by Margarite the Magnificent, certified life-coach and sorceress.

“Sir, please put the axe down.”

Instead, the farmer began wielding the axe over his head, screeching something about the moral fiber of society falling apart due to thieves, scoundrels, and unnatural knowledge in mainstream reading material.

“Please, sir! Put down the axe so we can speak rationally about this!”

“I AM RATIONAL!”

A bright burst of light came from within Heathcliff’s satchel, but before he could ponder why, the sky above darkened and a terrible wind picked up. It was at that moment Heathcliff remembered why he had skipped this particular quest. Months ago, in the papers, a certain Reginald Thunderaxe had suffered a very public breakdown after his wife had left him for a local highwayman. The last Heathcliff had heard, Reginald had quietly retired in pursuit of a hobby farm….the very same farm he now stood on.

*Sweet merciful gods.*

“I WON’T BE MADE A FOOL OF AGAIN!”

With his axe raised and poised for violence, Reginald charged full force towards poor, stupefied Heathcliff. What a terrible day this was turning out to be.