The knocking at the door, three gentle taps every full moon, and become routine by now. I didn't think anything of it the first time it had happened. After all, it had been Halloween, it would've been weirder for no one to come asking for candy. The next few times were a slight surprise, but nothing I couldn't explain away.

"Maybe she just likes my selection of candy." or "Maybe she just doesn't know better and has a sweet tooth." were both things I told myself, perfectly logical explanations I thought.

I opened the door, I'd been waiting next to it, and there she was: "Candy, Please!" I was well accustomed to the ritual, as I'd started to call it. I'd grab a small bowl of sweets, she'd spend a minute or two looking through them, before picking one out and then leaving.

It wasn't until about a 8 months, or 8 full moons, had passed that I started to get suspicious. First I tried setting up a camera, but it never seemed to record when she would arrive. Next I asked some neighbors to keep an eye on my porch around the time she could show up. None of them ever saw her, and never even saw me opening my door to greet her.

One time I tried following her but lost track of her in the woods, and almost got lost myself. Another time I was on vacation during the full moon, and she showed up at the hotel I was staying at, on the other side of the world from my house.

I grabbed the bowl of candy I'd started keeping by the door and presented it to her. There was a wide selection of candies in it. I'd noticed that she seemed to prefer chocolates, except for that one year where she only ever took gummy worms.

I also noticed a few other things about her as time went one. She never seemed to age, but she did change. Her outfit was almost never the same. Sometimes she looked like she'd been playing in the mud, and other times she looked like the flower girl at a wedding.

She never said anything other than "Candy, Please!" and rarely "Thank you." I'd only gotten a "thank you" 14 times in the past 19 years, each one was when I'd been going through something tough or sad.

She made her selection quickly this time, a caramel filed chocolate bar, before turning to leave. As weird as the whole thing was, I didn't mind it. It didn't cut into my own supply of candy too much, and since I lived by myself it was nice having a reason to open the door, and to have someone to interact with. Even if it was only on the full moons.

"I'll see you next full moon, it'll be Halloween again, so you'll have a bit of competition this year!"

She didn't say anything of course, but I could've sworn I heard her laughing quietly as she skipped away.