The meeting of the Mages was in uproar. At the front of the room stood a solitary figure, Milos, who had calmly informed the Mages that the human world was able to predict not just the approximate location of the wizard duels but also the outcome. While the science was in its infancy, the results of the last decades had shown that further accuracy and precision could be anticipated in coming decades.

‘So what exactly do we need you for?’ he had asked.

And that was when bedlam had been released. 

‘Impossible!’ one mage had shouted. ‘When we withdrew, they were convinced the universe revolved around the Earth! And now you expect us to believe in this science? Luck! That’s what it is. Just pure luck!’

Yells of agreement had gone around the room and still Milos had stood calm in the face of it all. He waited patiently for the furore to calm down and then, in his soft voice, said, ‘Their world has moved on. You told us we would be safe in this new world, that they were ignorant and dangerous and would always be so. You convinced us all that we were safer with you and so we followed you, our leaders with the gift of fate and future.’

‘You are safer!’ came a yell from the back of the room. ‘Do we have to remind you of the events that led us to create this alternative realm? Lestor Dunthorpe, burned at the stake for predicting an outbreak of blighted water!’ The man spoke with great passion, spittle flying from his red face and he punctuated each statement with a stab of his chubby finger onto the table before him. ‘Or what of John Smythe, hanged for warning of an earthquake that killed tens of people and destroyed a great cathedral! Thousands of us in England alone, all persecuted at the hands of ignorant monkeys!’

‘Yes, you kept us safe,’ Milos conceded, temporarily relieving the tension in the room. ‘But that was hundreds of years ago. Since then all of you,’ and he gestured around the room with a sweeping motion, ‘have used your abilities to your own gain. In exchange for Fate knowledge, we provided you with luxuries, with food, with money, with our own time. While you’ve gorged yourselves on the fruit of our labours for hundreds of years, generations of our children have grown up sick and hungry. Many of us can no longer afford the cost of your Fate knowledge.’

‘If you want Fate knowledge, you have to pay for it!’ came the icy voice of the Grand Mage.

‘No, we don’t.’ The room fell silent with Milos’ words. ‘Here’s what you’ve forgotten. You’ve forgotten that the world changes. It’s true we looked to you when we first left the human world but power has corrupted you.’ Milos cast an accusing gaze about the room. ‘All of you have changed from the Mages you once were.’

‘You forgot that the humans would change too and you were so convinced of their stupidity that you stopped paying attention to them.’

Milos stepped closer to the gathered Mages, his voice growing louder and more impassioned. ‘The Mages’ greatest gift is that of seeing the future, of knowing the fates of others. But the fountain of magic is wise and your Fate knowledge can only be directed to the lives of others, not your own. All these years, you’ve had a blindspot and have been completely uncaring of it, so convinced of your own continued superiority. You’ve spent so long listening to each other that you forgot to listen to us, the rest of the wizarding world.’

‘You forgot that generations of watching our loved ones suffer will have an impact. What is the point of paying for Fate knowledge if you show us a future we already know? What is the point in Fate knowledge if our future is bleaker than our present? Our hearts, once filled with love and respect for our wise Mages, have grown dark and heavy. And now the humans have technologies that replicate your magical gifts…’

Milos didn’t have the chance to finish his sentence. The Mages, though unable to see their own collective future with their gifts, had the intelligence to know where this was going. Pandering and promises followed but Milos paid no heed to it.

He raised his hand, a request for silence. ‘It’s too late,’ he informed them. ‘The choice has been made. We’re returning to the old realm to be with the humans. They weren’t ready before but perhaps they will be now. And in exchange for our magical gifts that will ease their suffering, they can share with us their Fate knowledge. Together, both the human world and the wizarding world will be stronger.’

A stunned silence followed him as he turned and walked towards the exit, the Mages digesting and chewing on the meaning and implications behind his words. ‘Oh, one last thing,’ Milos casually added, his hand resting on the intricately carved oak door. ‘None of you are welcome in the old realm. If any Mage tries to return, you will not survive for long. We will show you the same compassion and empathy that you have shown us for the last few centuries.’

The silence continued as he pushed on the door and left the room.