“I swear mom, come see for yourself,” I call out, turning back to the clothes dryer. The palm sized dragon is now standing at the dryer door, looking up at me with an annoyed expression.

“Hey kid,” it says in a deep voice, “I’m trying to keep a low profile here. I’ll be gone in a few days, no harm done. You keep this between us and I’ll make it worth your while.”

I’m about to reply when the laundry door starts to open.

“Remember the deal kid,” the dragon says before burping a small fireball and scrambling back into the dryer.

“What is it Sammy,” mom says urgently as my baby sister wails in her arms.

“Never mind,” I mumble and look down at the pile of clean clothes, “I’ll fold the washing.”

“Thanks Sam, you’re really growing up,” she says, rocking the baby before slamming the door.

The dragon emerges again, “thanks Sammy boy, you’re alright you know that?”

He’s holding a small glass bottle in the paper bag and takes a swig before burping another fireball.

“Do you have a name?” I ask.

“My mates call me Doug,” he replies.

“So what are you doing in my clothes dryer, Doug?”

He shrugs and takes another swig, “just a job, nothing personal.”

“Your job is to make a nest in my dryer?”

He laughs, “you’re funny kid, I like that. And I’m not nesting, I’m just crashing for the night while I sober up. Thanks by the way,” he says, tipping his bottle, “I work for Walmart. It’s nothing glamorous, not like work in the old days, but it pays the bills.”

“So you’re employed by Walmart to steal my socks?”

“I mean, yeah, Walmart or whoever else is offering the best deal. There ain’t no other work for honest dragons in this brave new world, so most of us end up working for sock companies.”

I grab hold of an odd sock sitting on the washing pile and stare at it, lost in thought.

“And how do you get paid?” I ask finally.

“We keep the pocket change mostly. I’ve got a stash on 45th street. It’s not much and this doesn’t help,” he says as he licks the last drip of liquid from the bottle, “but it’s better than nothing.”

I shake my head, amazed at the absurdity of the situation. Then I remember what he said.

“So what’s the deal? How you planning to make this worth my while?”

The dragon laughs and throws his bottle onto the laundry floor, smashing it.

“Hey, I have to clean that up!”

He shrugs, leans towards me and whispers, “you wanna know the true story of how Smaug got his stash?”