"Concentrate all your fire on the nearest starship."

"Yes gener-" Swipe paused, "Wait," he said slowly as he fiddled with the controls on his wrist. "Did you just talk normally... Sir?"

The small being chuckled to himself. "Believe you, nobody will."

Behind his unreadable helmet, Swipe made an equally unreadable expression before focusing back on his communicator. "All units, focus your fire on the nearest enemy ship!"

From his perch, Yoda withheld a cackle. He'd savor his amusement when the fighting was over.

+ + + + +

"General Yoda."

The green elder hummed as he opened one eye from his meditative state. "Something to say, do you, Captain Swipe?"

"Indeed, sir. It is about what you said during the last battle."

Once more the Grand Master of the Jedi had to withhold a cackle. He had centuries of practice, but he still let a chuckle slip out as he closed his eye and spoke. "Many things, did I say, during the last battle. Remind me, if you will."

"Of course, sir." Swipe replied before fiddling with his wrist controls.

&gt; *"Concentrate all your fire on the nearest starship."*

Both eyes opened to stare at the holorecording of himself perched on Swipe's wrist as the rest of that conversation played out from the speakers.

Of the many responses Swipe considered possible, watching the arguably strongest Jedi in the galaxy fall back on his cushion and cackle like a madman was not even on the list.

"Um, sir?" The clone called out, unsure if he should be calling for medics as the Jedi rolled back and forth for a few moments.

As if sensing that Swipe was reaching for the communicator controls -and it was entirely possible that he did- Yoda started to regain his composure as he sat up on his cushion. "Well played, you have me, Captain. Indeed, well played. Explain, I will."

Swipe relaxed a little. At least his General wasn't having a stroke. "If you will, sir."

"Hmm. rambunctious little terror, I was, as a youngling." Yoda chuckled as he recalled his youth. "Called 'little gremlin', I was. Pranks if all sorts did I pull, even after becoming a Padawan, I did."

"You were a prankster?" Swipe was surprised yet again. "I find that hard to believe, unless what I hear about Generals Kenobi and Skywalker and Commander Tano are less exceptions than I thought."

"Exceptions, and exceptional, they are. But not the first, and not the last. Mellowed in age, I have, but complexity of my pranks, only increased. When granted a seat on the council, my greatest prank, did I start. Three centuries, talk like this, I have. Except private moments, like before. 'Believe you, nobody will'. Waited a hundred years, I did, to say that the first time. Bold enough to call me out, none were."

"So the way you speak is just one great big prank you've been playing some you gained higher positions in the Jedi Order? And everyone has let you get away with it out of not wanting to disrespect you?"

"Indeed, a long con, I am playing. Amusement, I still desire. Harmless fun."

"Well, I don't see much harm in it, so I'll let the boys know to not tell anyone outside of us clones what you're doing."

Yoda paused from where he had started to nod. "Others, you have told?"

"To be honest, sir, I feared there might be a case of an imposter, so I spread the recordings around and if I turned up missing in the next day, they'd all send word back to command that you had been replaced and that we needed backup to rescue the real you."

Yoda chuckled even as he motioned reassuringly to the clone. "Resourceful, you are, and real concern's i, you have. Apologize, I must, for worry I have caused."

"Apology accepted, general. But the boys and I will keep these recordings of the time the Grand Master of the Jedi was compromised. For ~~prosperity~~ posterity."

Swipe left the room with cackling at his back.

++++++++

I felt like channelling some of OT and sequels Yoda into his younger self, plus Grogu also seeming to default to chaos when given the chance.

Edit: wrong word.