“Thank you, Captain, leave him with me. See to whatever repairs we need on the wall, and have the sentry punished. This is the fourth he’s let sneak by in a month.” 

Fox bowed and left without a word. I’d rather added to his workload by telling him to bring the next intruder to me alive rather than just shooting them from the gallery. Frankly it does him good to be given a less enjoyable task every now and again. Like most underlings, he forgets himself if things become too easy. 

“You… monster…”

I looked down at the prisoner he had brought me. “I beg your pardon?”

“You… You…”

“Monster, yes, I heard you.” I sometimes wonder if the King has copies of this little speech to hand out to these people. “Murderer! Traitor! Outlaw and enemy of the King! I have come to put an end to your reign of terror and to make you answer for your crimes! You shall fall today and the poets shall sing songs of your demise! Was that what you meant to say? I’ve been looking forward to hearing these poets for some time, I must say.” 

It was refreshing to get all that off my chest. It doesn’t do to complain to underlings, but one expects a certain standard from champions who demand your surrender in the name of the King. Perhaps they expect these poets to fill in the gaps for them and give them a fine speech, but this kind of display is frankly undignified. My prisoner hadn’t even tried to interrupt me. I confess I do go on sometimes, but when I looked back at him, I noticed something: he had slumped forward on his knees and his helmet had slipped forward. I reached down and pulled it off him. And I found a boy starting back at me! 

“What? What is this? This is what passes for a champion now? How old are you?”

He could only whimper, and I am afraid I grew impatient:

“HOW OLD, BOY? Twelve years? Thirteen?”

“Th…thirteen sir.”

“Sir, is it now?” I couldn’t help chuckling a little at that, but all the same this was too much.

“Please…” he was whimpering again, “please sir, don’t… I’ll do anything, please…”

“Please, my Lord, spare him,” came a woman’s voice from a side door, “look at him, he’s barely a boy. Perhaps he could be useful to you. Maybe a new sentry or a servant boy? He could,”

“Calm yourself, Lillia,” I said. I found that I could hardly stay angry with the boy. “If this is what your father is sending us now, I doubt he’s preparing any more ransoms, but there’s no sense killing this one. Stand up, boy, what’s your name?”

Lillia practically had to drag the child to his feet. They whispered to each other for a moment. “His name’s Rowan, My Lord. He’s a cobbler’s apprentice; he says the King’s been proclaiming the prophecy in the Outer City. He’s looking for people who’ve never met his family to bring me back home.”

The boy jumped at that, so much so I could hear his feet slipping around in his boots: “You? You’re the Princess? But… I thought…” he trailed off before he remembered his manners, and practically threw himself into a bow. He barely managed to stay standing. 

“Did the King not even tell you what she looked like?” I demanded, and he jumped again, back from me almost into Lillia’s arms. “Yes, the King’s about as good a father as one could expect from a man who sends children to fight his battles for him. Don’t interrupt…” clearly he had been told to defend the King’s honour. “Lillia decided she’d had enough one day and came here. The King sent some of his own knights at first. Well, you’ve seen Fox in action now, they barely made it past the door. But the King seems to keep getting these knights from somewhere, so I paid one of these wise women to give him a prophecy: something vague about the precious flower being gifted only from a stranger’s hand, you know how prophets are.” Rowan chuckled for the first time. “The idea was supposed to be that he’d wait for a stranger to turn up, I didn’t expect him to start snatching children he didn’t know to do his dirty work!” I’d started shouting again, and there was a silence when I’d finished. To my surprise, Rowan broke it. 

“They says there aren’t many knights left there, milord…” he looked at me shyly. I glanced at Lillia and nodded. She can be sweeter than me when she needs to be.

“What do you mean, Rowan? You can speak up, you’re with friends here.” 

“Well…” he said “They say the knights stopped coming when ‘is majesty stopped paying ‘em. Says no-one else is there to look for the Princess now. Begging your pardon, ma’am” and he bowed again. I really must teach him to do that properly.

“Is that so?” I said, thoughtfully. I knew the King was a weak-willed old fool but refusing to pay his knights was a level of stupidity even I had never expected of him. “Well, we shall see in a few days. As for you…” I swept my robes about me and saw the boy recoil again. “You’ve done well to tell me all this, and it seems a shame to waste you. As much as a hidden castle in the Mountains has its appeal, it never does wonders for manpower. Fox!” The captain reappeared. “Take the boy under your charge, give him a few lessons. Then prepare your men to march on the capital.”

That was but three nights ago, your majesty and for the first time, you do not disappoint. And so, as your new Lord, it is my duty to inform you that you are a murderer, a traitor, an outlaw and an enemy of the people! I have come to put an end to your reign of terror and to make you answer for your crimes! You shall fall today, and the poets shall sing songs of your defeat! 

Fox dragged the deposed King away and Lillia seated herself on her new throne. I admit, having delivered it, I see the appeal in that speech: I found the template under his bed.

First one of these I’ve written and it was a lot of fun. Hope you guys enjoyed it.