##For a Better World

Matteo crouches in the sand reading the scroll before him, and the simple lamp is laying on it side beside him. Armin stands with his arm crossed; his bright orange skin reflecting the sun. His face has two slits where a nose should be. Bright red scales cover his head in place of hair.

"The stipulations of your magic are surprisingly complex," Matteo stands. Matteo is tall for humans, but he comes to the bottom of Armin's chest.

"Humans can be quite pedantic. One cannot be too prepared," Armin replies.

"I understand; however, my wish will not be impeded." Matteo takes a deep breath. "I wish that you are now and forevermore a virtuous and philanthropic being who will willingly use their powers to benefit all that is good."

Armin's face cracks a smile. The djinn begins to laugh and smoke emerges from his body. As his laughter increases, he collapses on the ground. Bits of him merge with the sand. He stands up.

"Your wish is based on the assumption that I'm not a virtuous being. Other djinn would take great offense to your presumption," Armin says.

"The djinn mostly been used for the enrichment of humans, and they are renowned for their deceptive abilities. Take this contract. In your twenty-fifth condition, you state 'The resurrected are often quite different from when they died.' Clearly, a mourning widow resurrected their deceased lover, and they were a monster. The widow had to ask you to undo the wish," Matteo says.

"You assume that I alter the personality of the resurrected, but you know little about the true experience of the hereafter," Armin smiles, "Therefore, how can you claim that is malicious explanation instead of a genuine warning?"

Matteo's face turns red. He re-reads the scroll several times.

"Your logic is sound, but the folklore is quite clear. Humans are never satisfied with their wishes," Matteo says.

"Have you personally met someone with an genie encounter?" 

"No, but I've heard many stories."

"Your basis is tales and rumors. Perhaps the stories were spread by people who were dissatisfied when the wishes revealed their true nature. When the money was unable to provide happiness. When they were unprepared for the machinations that comes with power. When the love they craved was an abomination when forced." Armin walks to Matteo towering over him. "Our powers merely reflect what humanity is."

"You raised some interesting points, but I don't see why that prevents you from fulfilling my wish. I want you to go out into the world and make it a better place," Matteo says.

"By what standard should be used to determine the state of the world?  If I were to end hunger amongst humans, I would alter the delicate balance of the world and create famine amongst the beasts. To help the beasts would result in catastrophe for humans. I could be a provider for humanity's needs, but they would grow weak and dependent. I could look beyond this planet to the stars to determine true benevolence, but my resulting actions would be incomprehensible to humans." Armin points a finger at Matteo. "I suppose that your intentions were for me to improve the world by your standards, but how do you know your standards are correct? You have certainly entered disagreements with others before?"

"Uhh." Matteo pauses while he thinks. "Well, I believe there are better uses for your power than merely granting random people three wishes."

"How do you know that there are better uses. Provide an alternative, and I shall provide the flaws."

"You could find a benevolent person." Matteo clears his throat. "Not necessarily myself and grant them infinite wishes."

"The power would certainly corrupt them," Armin laughs, "Disaster would be inevitable. Three wishes limits desires."

"Well, uh," Matteo sigs, "I understand your perspective. I assume that my first wish will result in you not changing your nature."

"That is correct. You have two more wishes," Armin says. Matteo pauses to think.

"I wish that the whole world will sleep safe and comfortably for tonight and will wake-up refreshed," Matteo says.

"For only tonight?" Armin says.

"Only tonight. It's a small gift, and my last wish is to end the famine of the village I passed through yesterday," Matteo says. Armin stares at Matteo.

"Your wishes reveal your true nature. You are genuinely kind and virtuous person. You are also naïve and a bit condescending. Nothing is perfect in this world, but you are certainly one of the better humans that have found me." Armin turns into smoke and dissipates. "Continue on your path of righteousness. I cannot see the future, but I trust that you will make your society a better place."

---

r/AstroRideWrites