Quiet settled over the inn as all eyes shifted towards me. One could feel the fear building as it flickered its way through each and every person gathered around the room. It brought to mind the time my mentor espoused that half the enjoyment of necromancy was the terror it inspired. I can’t say I agree with his sentiment. I’ve always disliked being the odd one out, which is why I’m surprised I’ve said anything at all.
  
“You don’t have to accept my help.”
  
Uncertainty marred the man’s face as he glanced down at the table displaying his unconscious companion. There would be no asking for his friend’s consent—he would have to make a decision for them. Time was running out.
  
Looking back at me, I could see the little wheels turning in the man’s head. We both knew what he was thinking. No one’s really the same when they come back from the other side. The undead leave little pieces behind the veil and it’s difficult to place a finger on what those missing pieces are. All we know is that something isn’t quite right and it leaves a feeling of uncertainty about our existence both here with the living and the dead. What parts make us the person we are? And what becomes of the parts left behind? It’s an unpleasant business and it’s better not to dwell on it. Seemingly, the man comes to the same conclusion.
  
“Do it. Please.”
  
A grimace sets in and I sigh, “Do you wish for him to expire naturally or should one of us hasten it along?”
  
At that, the man blanched and the crowd began to disperse quickly. No one seemed keen to spin this experience into a tale to take home. It’s insulting in a way, but I can’t blame them for not having the stomach for it. Things were about to get messy.
  
Seeing the man’s hesitation I speak up again, “You can still wait for a doctor if you wish, but I need to draw a mark on him in case the doctor is unsuccessful.” I begin placing the tools of my trade on the table: an ornamental dagger, a string of bells, and a vial of blood. “It prevents his spirit from crossing over completely and makes the overall resurrection less….volatile”. 

“How many times have you done this?”
  
“Does it matter?”
  
“...No. Just mark him.”

&amp;#x200B;

~~My grammar isn't great. Feel free to rip it apart.~~

Edit: I cleaned it up a bit. It was too clunky.