Conversation from Patient 20421:

&gt;The doctor barely stifled a giggle when he told me "you'll be able to... grow or pluck a *single* hair!" My parents were silent as the news was given to us. My father was blessed with several powers including levitation, electron manipulation and the ability to hold his breath indefinitely. It seemed that he chose in that moment to hold his breath for the rest of the day.   
&gt;  
&gt;My mother spoke up "Is... that it? No other powers?"   
&gt;  
&gt;"None, I'm afraid. What you have is a perfectly normal girl!" The doctor tried to stifle his amusement under professionalism but everyone in the room knew the truth-- he was laughing underneath. Fuck that guy, he's next.

Sof--- 20421 please keep the story going. 

&gt;Sigh... I went home stunned and tried to make sense of it all. My parents left the paperwork on the table and I grabbed it up, hoping to find something--anything. The combination of two super-powerful mutants couldn't have produced *me,* a glorified hair groomer, right? The thought that I was maybe the milk-man's son was running through my head. It must've been running threw dad's brain too since I don't think he's breathed since we left the office.   
&gt;  
&gt;It took a lot of googling the doctor's lingo, and a lot of trial-and-error on my own hair and that of my pet hamster... but I figured out something. It takes *nothing* for me to pluck or grow a hair. In fact once I mastered my ability, some years later I learned that I could grow hair on even inamimate objects. It takes some persuading, but its possible!  
&gt;  
&gt;The first "incident" as you all like to call it was my highschool bully, Jaread. God, what a horrible name right? Fucking Jar-eead. Who names their kid that?

"Stay on topic please, 20421," I say through the intercom. Patient's admission of being able to make hair-follicles on inanimate objects noted and highly concerning. Previously unknown.

&gt;Right. So there he was using his ability to hijack people's bodies via eye-contact. He *loved* making people make a fool of themselves in school. Everyone knew it was him-- someone trips in the hallway, someone slams their thumb in their locker... you know the type. The school tried to get him to stop but he left no proof and his daddies fucking lawyers shut them up. When Adelaide began slamming her head with her locker door I had enough.   
&gt;  
&gt;I'll admit it, it was *soooo* satisfying when hair sprouted from his eyeballs. It was twice that when I pulled his eyes out by those same hairs. I counted them, *eighteen-thousand five-hundred and thirty five hairs per eyeball.* My power also only required line-of-sight at the time, though I guess looking back it was obvious it was me cuz I was the only hair-manipulating mutant. Goddamn you fucks for finding me and locking me away after that. 

At the time? This is also concerning.  Perhaps a Freudian slip. "Stay calm please, you have tranquilizers pointed at you if you don't." I tried to seem dominant and intimidating, but the intercoms seem disrupted a bit... Everything sounds like Charlie Brown's parents... something's not right. 

&gt;To be fair you're not my shrink, sir. You're asking me questions and I'm answering them *very* well. Too well. You've treated me alright so I'll answer your next question. After that I'll be shutting up. 

"What... what did you do to Team Six when they attempted to capture you after the incident?

&gt;This. 

Suddenly every steel panel before her erupted with thin steel grows, shrouding her in a wreath of steel. The tranq darts simply got caught in the barbs right before the guards began screaming. They became hairballs within an instant as hairs erupted from their eyes, and then were all plucked out ending their screaming. These horrible, long strands which originated deep within their skulls and spine ripped holes throughout their nervous system. 

I run, though I can't run far. The door was locked down as the Order had locked us in the external containment system. I thought it was superfluous, but they must've seen how this could get out of hand. 

20421, Sofie, walked up to the glass window where I was just at-- walking on a bed of steel hairs like a staircase up to my level-- and smiled softly at me. The tempered glass already beginning to crack as the steel frame that surrounds it begins warping under the constant growth and plucking.  

&gt;I've been here for about a year and you've been the only one to treat me like a normal mutant. Thanks for that. Ask another question, doc.

"Sofie, Please! Stop this!"

&gt;That's not a *fucking* question, Reed. 

She could kill me in an instant. I think back to my psychological training, and ask her one simple question. "How are you feeling right now, Sofia?" 

I scream and writhe as my liver, spleen and larynx have their matter rearranged and elongated into fur. 

&gt;I feel furious, Reed. Fucking furious. Fur-ious? Ha! I'll have to remember that one

As she walked past me I felt the incomprehensible pain subside as some of those hair follicles retracted and return to their normal function in my organs, though I knew even at the time a Mender would have to take a look at me. Why did she spare me? I do not know. All I know is that the Superforce have their hands full with her. 

\*Complete account of Follica from Doctor Reed Stanley.