Grabdar gestured vaguely at the interior of his ship.

“So… there it is,” he said. “The stool, the throttle, the thruster stick, the space radar. Communications. It’s all pretty state of the art.”

Colin peered in at the “state of the art” interior, his gaze touching upon exposed wires, fraying fabric, and spare parts floating loosely about.

“Neat,” Colin said thoughtfully. “What kind of redundancies do you have?”

“Oh, not many. Our language is pretty straightforward.”

Colin nodded. Grabdar smiled. A wire sparked.

“Neat,” he said again. “Would you like a tour of my ship?”

“Why, that would be wonderful!” Grabdar said. “I’ve not been inside a human scout ship before.”

“Oh, it’s not a scout ship,” Colin said as he ducked and floated toward the hatch. “It’s a strip mining rig.”

Grabdar’s smile faded as he floated behind Colin.

“But didn’t you say you’re on your way to Betelgeuse 5?”

“Indeed I am,” Colin grunted. “Gonna strip that rock of anything useful.”

“But… Betelgeuse 5 is populated,” Grabdar said. “Populated planets can’t be resource-extracted.”

“It’s just a bunch of dumb animals. We’ll plop what we can over on Betelgeuse 7, and those we can’t… well, can’t make on omelet without breaking a few eggs, am I right?”

“How barbaric,” Grabdar muttered as Colin unlatched the hatch of Grabdar’s ship. Colin didn’t hear the remark, as he was busy talking about how he heard slow-roasted Betelbuffalo tasted pretty good on a sandwich. Grabdar began to wonder how much he looked like meat to the human.

The two floated through the hatch into Colin’s attached ship, and Colin spun the lock closed behind them.

“What does that do?” Grabdar asked as he watched.

“The hatch lock?” Colin asked, waiting to make sure the light turned green. “That ensures we have a tight seal and don’t lose any atmosphere.”

“Seems kind of excessive.”

Grabdar floated into the main cockpit area of the cabin, marveling at the sterile white interior.

“What is this,” he asked, reaching down toward the pilot’s seat as he floated over it.

“Uh, you mean the seat belt?” Colin asked, raising his eyebrows.

“Is that what it’s called? Yes, what does that do?”

“It’s… a seat belt. It keeps you in your seat when the ship moves around.”

“Fascinating.”

“Do you not have seat belts? What do you do when the ship accelerates?”

Grabdar gave him a look as if he asked the most rudimentary question.

“I fall to the back of the ship, like everybody else. Who stays in their seat during acceleration? Hah. What are all these buttons?”

“Those are safety features. Atmosphere, life support readouts, food and water levels –“ Colin watched Grabdar’s face as he explained the ship’s safety features, growing more and more concerned as the alien seemed to have no idea what they were used for, or every why they were used.

“Do you guys do safety stuff? Emergency response drills? Backup systems? Emergency supplies?”

“Nope, none of those.”

“I have to ask,” Colin said as he floated up to see Grabdar’s face better. “What’s your success rate for interstellar trips?”

Grabdar puffed up his chest.

“We’re the best in the known galaxy!” he said proudly. “Almost 30 percent!”