She looked at them, perplexed.  "You're lying."

The person shook their head. 

No, to call it a person was generous. "It" was nothing but a collection of crawling nanobots on artificial skin, stretched on lab-grown muscles and alloy bones. "It" was sat on a life support apparatus masquerading as a chair. "It" smiled at her with a manufactured face that looked human. 

"I wish to take one last look."

It took a look outside. The walls were once high quality PristiView windows that made life-like artificial vistas for your viewing pleasure. The hail of bullets have left most of them as pieces of shattered glass. 

In this chaos, it looked on with an absurd fondness. 

"I wish to remember what it was we gave up for this nonsense."

The gun in her hand was poised and charged to fire. The life apparatus defense systems were disabled and it wouldn't have any available bodysuits to wear if she were to shoot it in the head. 

All she needed was to point and pull the trigger.

It gave her a sad smile.

"I have made terrible decisions," it said. "I have contributed to the inevitable destruction of this world and its people."

It said it plainly, like the violent takeover of all Earth's resources and the forced enslavement of anyone in the Downsiders was a normal inconvenience. 

Her finger twitched on the trigger but did not fire.

"I won't stop you from killing me. You'll need to do it to ensure no one like me will ever be allowed to exist. But please believe me that I do want to help."

"Why?" she asked. "Did you finally buy a conscience?"

"Unfortunately, we never really made Conscience program packs a thing for us. Hard to live a rich man with a conscience."

"Can't live with the fact you made everything a slum so you can live in your sky castles?"

It flinched. Turned it's head downward. 

"Yes, I know."

In a few strides, the barrel of the gun was on his temple. 

"No you don't," she whispers harshly. 

Beyond them, chaos echoed as the rest of the Downsiders and Groundmids continued their war with the Castlefolk. She could hear the whine of Castle tech as they exploded under rapid bullet fire. She could hear the sound of Castle ships crashing as they automated forces slowly but surely failed them.

What can a few kings do against the might of the peasantry after all?

It heard all of this, and she watched as ite sighed. 

"There has been too much bloodshed already. I think it's time we ended this."

"I agree. So give me what I want."

The whine of the gun in her hand increased. The side of the barrel glowed threateningly. But it just looked at her with calm eyes. 

Slowly, it opened it's hand and nanobots crawled like ants on his palm. They formed together to create a cube. A tiny insignificant looking thing. 

The key to saving them all. 

"This is all the data needed to create the Gaia System. All the research, all the locations of resources. Full access to every thing you'll need to fix it."

Without hesitation, she took the cube, eyes still fixed on it. It smiled. 

Not sardonically. Genuine. 

"I wish I could have done better to you," it whispered. "I wish I made this world a better place for you."

It spoke in a hauntingly melodic voice, making it's sorrow seem almost enchanting. 

"But it's too late. So let me do this instead."

She turned away from it, taking to examining the object instead. She cannot look. Cannot stand to see the sight of it-

Of her.

But she did. There is something wet trailing down her cheeks as she did so. 

"Thank you," she whispered, almost imperceptible. But the watery smile on the other person said otherwise.

"Thank you," the other replied. "for giving me a chance."

She had no other words left except,

"Goodbye mother."