Adventure came in many forms and shapes and sizes. Danger trailed behind it like a cat stalking a little bird. With caution, you'll be able to see the cat lurking but that doesn't change the fact that when it jumps your life is suddenly on the line. That's why it's important to always be cautious and never let your guard down. Hell, listen to me, I sound as if I'm talking to a bunch of rookie adventurers.

I guess that's how I've felt ever since one of my party members died. The terrible event happened five days ago and whilst we were on a D-rank quest. Simple quest's had no business being on our quest list, yet we'd accepted it near the start, and we thought it would be a fun experience  to do what we had to do then. 

"Nobody's found my cat I tell ya," the man said. Perhaphs he was considered strange. For me he was considered slightly less normal. The title *strange* was reserved for mad witches and crazed wizards. Their magic seemed to have pushed their insanity beyond what's human. "She's still out there, somewhere. I can taste it."

"Bullshit is what I taste," our rogue spat.

"Brendan!" Our healer bonked his staff with her head. "Be kinder."

Our mage and ranger giggled. I got ready to stop Brendan from leaping across the table and shoving his daggers into Alicia, and our paladin had a grim face. He always had a grim face. Never told us why though.

"Beware," the man said. "There's a danger in the forest. At night I can hear it howling."

"The most dangerous thing within fifty miles is Alicia's goddamn virginity. Anything remotely shaped like a cock should be careful."

Needless to say Brendan was bonked once more, and his face turned redder than it already was.

 "You're underestimating it!" The old man spat. "I used to be an adventurer in my days and whilst my body has corroded my mind is still sharp like a blade in the moon. Be careful."

"We will," the pladin said. "Thank you for your advice."

"Bah! *A blade in the fucking moon.* Clearly your mind's just as corroded as your body."

*Bonk!* 

"Damn you hag!"

"Ahem!" I said silencing the room. "We apoligize for not completing this quest sooner. You must understand, other things got in the way."

"The princess-fucking tongue showing its skill."

*Bonk!* 

"I will slaughter your children."

"Don't worry," the old man said. "Get my cat back and you'll be forgiven."

"Do you have any of the cat's hair we can use to trail her?"

"Yes, yes I do. I will get it."

"Something Alicia won't."

*Bonk!* 

Brendan lept across the table. 

The table broke; Brendan was choked; I found a dagger in my gut; blue magic shone; the paladin looked even grimmer; something passed me out and I woke up on his shoulders, Brendan on the other; my pouch felt a little bit lighter and the wound on my stomach had dissapeared.

"We've got a trail," the mage said.

"Amazing Greta, now Charles *will you put me down?"*

The paladin grunted.

I wasn't quite sure if the cat was alive. I guess it was a similiar feeling to the one I had at the funeral. I'd never really felt like this. After a certain while the whole thing felt like a game. At worst of times we'd grazed death or found ourselves captured but it was never anything permanent. *Never anything permanent.* Yet now it was. 

I'd stood in front of armies and held speeches. I'd rather do that again than stand in front of family and friends and talk. I sounded like a four year old child weeping and sobbing between every word.

Right well. I wasn't sure if the cat was still alive. Give or take it had been about fifteen years since we accepted the quest. Odds were it had died out of age, although there was a possibility it was still alive. Some cats got old. 

Now old cat's weren't neccessarily well equppied to survive in the wilderness, but old cat's were wise cats and that certainly increased the chances. There was also magic to factor in and that made anything possible. Well not literally, but that's certainly how it felt when you thought about it. 

To me it was certain that the magical trailing Greta had gotten would either lead us to a larger animal, which would mean that the cat had been eaten, to a patch of dirt, which meant it was dead below, but let me tell you that I had no fucking idea what leading us to a staircase in the middle of a lake meant.

\---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I've got to get going now. I quite enjoyed writing this and I'll finish it in a couple of hours.