For the first while since living here, full moons were always uncomfortable for me. Always approached by the same strange girl, asked the same question. I worried that I was being stalked or targeted or something…  
But after about four or five months of three consecutive nights of knocking and sweet requesting, it became clear that it wasn’t going to escalate. Not too far down the line, I began complying, and by the time I reached that five month mark I came to enjoy those visits. The girl always smiled this warm, joyous smile when I complied.  
As of the night I wanna tell ya about, we’ve reached month number eight, I think. Maybe nine? Anyway, this girl had become somewhat of a regularly expected presence, a friend even. I always have a little something for her. Where was I going with this?  
Oh, right, that night. For the past while I had been meaning to ask why she’s doing this. Like, she seems a nice girl, and I don’t think she’s taking advantage of the neighborhood since her parents won’t give her anything or something. Not to mention how… perfectly clockwork things were, based on a moon phase no less. So yeah, that night I finally asked her instead of just giving her what she wants and sending her on her way.  
“Say, why do you always get candy from me at this time?”  
“Well, it’s the only time I can. What of it?”  
She maintained her calm, carefree attitude as she responded. She never seemed to be bothered by anything, even my initial refusals.  
“Well, are you keeping a stash of it all? Do you have nowhere else to get something fun to eat?”  
“Fun to eat? Oh, this isn’t for me.”  
“None of it? Ever?”  
“Nope. I… can’t. Not anymore.”  
I have a sister who gradually developed an aversion to gluten, and know someone else who suddenly became deathly allergic to capsaicin at their teens, so I didn’t pry into this. “Then who’s it for?”  
“Friends. Even though I can’t enjoy it, it makes me happy to see them enjoy it.”  
“Makes up for not being able to enjoy it yourself?”  
“Something like that, yeah. It’s nice to help someone experience what you couldn’t.”  
Couldn’t? Huh? Did she misspeak? And as she said that, she absentmindedly rubbed her stomach, which I then noticed, not having really looked at it before, seemed rather… receded. Thin. Oh no, was this poor girl anorexic or something? After waiting for me to respond, only for me to get distracted by this revelation of sorts, she continued.  
“So, do you have anything then? I don’t have all night, after all.” Even this she said without her mood seeming to go down too much.  
“Oh, well, I don’t have much this time, just the one Hershey bar. Here ya go.”  
Even though it was just one item, she looked as happy as always. She never cared how much or little she got.  
Anyway, that was essentially that for the conversation, but it was the morning after that really struck me.  
As I was taking my morning walk, I happened to come by an underpass, where there’s always a few homeless people or other such destitutes. A sad place I don’t like to linger by for too long, y’know? When I was there, well, it seemed like there was just a couple of ‘em this time, sleeping next to each other. One of them woke up and kind of side eyed me as I went past, but something else seemed to catch their eye. On the ground, right next to them, was… a Hershey bar? Their face immediately brightened up, and they nudged their buddy awake, and they immediately got to unwrapping the thing and breaking it in two to share.  
Right then, I began to kind of… put things together.  
Well, it’s been about ten years since, and that girl, who never tells me her name, hasn’t changed in her appearance at all. I feel like that all but confirms things. I’m always happy to give her a little something.  
Oh, hang on, I think that’s her at the door. I’ve got a whole little basket for her this time, I can’t *wait* to see how she reacts.