I stared in shock at the television, where a picture of myself from a few years ago stared back at me. I started to shake as I read the headline below the photo: PUBLIC ENEMY NUMBER ONE: JEREMIAH WEST. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.

"What the hell?!" I yelled, standing up and gripping my head in a panic. Why was this happening? HOW was this happening? I needed to know, before anyone decided I was too much of a threat to let live.

I quickly ran to the stairs and frantically stumbled upstairs, my heart hammering in my chest. I swung open the door to my room and scrambled around the piles of materials I had used to create my costume hanging in my closet towards my computer. I booted it up and impatiently waited with bated breath as it whirred to life. 

I glanced to the left of my monitor and saw the list I had made only 7 hours prior, when I had woken up and felt something different inside of me. It listed the parameters of my powers, at least to my own knowledge. First thing I realized was that I had the power to answer any question that was asked to me with 100% accuracy. I didn't know how I knew this, since this wasn't a question I had asked, but I just woke up with the knowledge. The second thing I realized was that someone or something else needed to ask the question. If I asked myself a question, it didn't do anything except make me look crazy. Thankfully, with the advent of the internet it was relatively easy to create a program that could read and speak text. And finally, the last thing I realized was the most important one: No one could know my power. If they did, then what was happening right now would be the outcome. People hate the truth, even if it was for the greater good. If I was to be a super hero, my life long dream, then I needed to protect my identity and my true powers.

So how did this happen?

Finally, my computer booted up and I opened up the text-to-speech program I installed this morning. Quickly, I typed my first question which was read out in a mechanical tone: *How did the government find out my power?* I felt something twinge in the back of my brain, and suddenly it was like I had known the answer all along. Turns out, the government had a very rare superhuman named Delphi who was an ultra-powerful telepath. Her powers were focused by technology to pick out any and all superhumans, along with their specific abilities. It was only a matter of time before they found out about me.

I typed down my next question: *Am I in danger, and by who?* The answer to that was almost immediate: Yes. I was in the most danger I had ever been in. Not only was the government after me, but they had an entire super team specifically tasked with hunting down people like me with deadly efficiency: The Executioners.

My face pale, I typed my next question: *What can I do to survive?* I felt myself tear up as I realized all of my options were either too time consuming, expensive or impractical to work. Shakily, I typed my last question: *How much longer to I have?* I nearly fainted as the answer unlocked for me: I only had five minutes of life left.

I slowly turned off my computer and gazed out my window, into the neighborhood I had grown up in. After becoming emancipated at 14, my neighbors were the only family I had left. They were the ones who cared for me when I was sick, who helped me with my school work, who came and brought food when I couldn't afford it. What must they be thinking, seeing me labeled as the nations number one supervillain? Would they see me as some sort of monster? Or would they see me as the scared young man that I really was?

I felt tears drip down my cheeks as I finally let all of my emotions out, heaving in my seat as I waited for my death. There was no way for me to survive. These were my final few minutes.

"Wow. Your thoughts are all over the place, huh?"

I whirled around to see a tall figure standing in the doorframe of my room, looking at me with kind eyes. His eyes were a bright blue, almost luminescent, and his hair was practically golden in the afternoon light. He wore various shades of grey and was flipping a green stone up into the air and back into his palm as he looked at me.

"Who are you?" I said, backing up as far as I could from the stranger. "How did you get in? Are you with the Executioners?!"

"Executioners?" The man asked, raising an eyebrow. "What a horrible name. Judging from your thoughts, they're the ones you are scared of, correct?" I felt my mouth drop open as the man stepped into my room nonchalantly. How could this person know my thoughts? The only telepath in the world was Delphi, and she was nothing like this guy. Something about him made me feel on edge, but I couldn't tell what.

The mans face softened slightly and he gave me an apologetic smile. "I'm sorry about the uneasiness," he said. "It's what happens to creatures like me when we fall out of favor with the divine. We're not quite right, but not quite wrong."

"What the hell are you talking about?" I said, confusion and fear rocketing through my skull. "Who are you and why are you here? How are you reading my thoughts?"

"Well it's not that hard to read the surface, my friend," the stranger said, sitting on the surface of my bed. "Back when I was whole, I was able to read more than just your mind. I was able to read ones heart, their intentions and their fears. As for who I am..." He tilted his head to the side and smiled wide. "I don't really have much of a name anymore. At least, not one the man upstairs recognizes. For now you can call me Gabe, and I'm here to offer you a membership."

"Membership?" I found myself asking. "Membership to what?"

Gabe's smile widened and he held out the green stone, slowly pulsing with light. "Membership to the Narrators, my friend."

*Continued below.*