I sat down heavily in the booth, exhausted after another 18-hour shift “I can’t do this anymore Michelle, every time I see him I want to scream and just tell him exactly what he’s done to me”.

Michelle leaned over the table, taking my hands in hers and kissing them softly. She looked sadder than usual, and I had to wonder what her boss had done to her this time.

“One day soon we’re going to be free, I can feel it. We’re almost there Thomas” she said, smiling softly”

“Free? I don’t think I’ll ever be free. Dusk City needs Titan, and Titan needs me now more than ever. You know I think he might be going insane? He doesn’t take jobs or answer the Titan Buzzer anymore, he’s obsessed with Arcadis. All he talks about, all he thinks about now is his battle with that monster. He doesn’t even shower anymore, he stinks, it's disgusting”.

Michelle laughed softly “That’s rich coming from someone that smells like you do right now”.

I smiled, trying to unwind and enjoy these brief moments we had. “He used to be something, he truly made the world a better place, he made Dusk City safe, he loved its people and they loved him. But now? I just don’t know what to do. Sorry, I know this week is a rough one for you as well. Have you spoken to your boss about quitting? It seems like you work far harder than any nurse should be expected to."

“No, I know it’s silly but I just can’t do it. He…has an effect on me, I can’t just quit on him” she said, smiling and brightening a little, “he is almost finished with a project that has been years in the making tho, and once that’s done I think he’ll just release me from service, I really do!”

I laughed at her excitement, she had never told me much about her life, but I know she had pain of her own.

I wanted to believe her, to think that the dreams of us living a quiet life in the woods, with a fire burning and nothing but time to explore each other, to touch each other, were all possible. I knew the truth though, Titan would keep fighting with Arcadis until one of them was dead, and given they were both divine beings that seemed impossible.

I snapped out of my daydream as the thought struck me “O I forgot to tell you, Titan has been healing quite a lot slower as of late. It’s strange but he keeps taking days, not hours, to heal. What really concerns me is that it's like he doesn’t even know it, every day he forgets the wounds from the day before. I really think he is going insane.”

She reached into her bag and pulled out the week's worth of tea, “That’s awful, this is a new batch my Mum just got into the shop and it should help with that, it is said to have calming properties, just like the other stuff he should only have one cup a day but it should help him”.

I took the bag of tea leaves and went to smell it but she reached out “No, no no this also has peanut in it so you can't have any, you can’t even smell it and remember don’t touch it ok? I don’t want your allergies stealing you from me”.

I laughed softly, “Your mum has some strange tastes in tea you know that? Titan seems to like it though, he’s been asking for more and more but I keep telling him one a day is the limit. Well I better go, I’ve got another double shift tomorrow and I can tell this ones going to be…bloody. Titan’s finally ready to lure Arcadis into that trap I mentioned the other week. Perhaps this will be the end?” I chuckled softly, knowing it wasn’t true. I stood up and went over to her, I kissed her deeply and fought every urge I had to just not let go. “I love you, you know that? I love you more than everything else in the world put together. It’s crazy, we’ve never even met outside of this coffee shop, but these meetings are the only thing in this world that keeps me going. One day maybe we’ll be free”

She took my face in her hands, “I think that day is coming soon, I really do. Just remember that if anything happens, meet me here straight away, bring your bug bag and meet me right here ok?”

I laughed, “I know, just don’t get your hopes up ok? I can’t leave Titan, he needs me now more than ever.”

“I know he does, but perhaps one day soon he won't need you, and then we can be free”.

END

First writing exercise in 10 years, good to be back.