I grabbed his shirt collar and pulled him close, digging my face into his chest as he held me tightly. Nothing was going to save us from the meteor, so we embraced our timely deaths as the bright light of the meteor grew larger, cutting through our atmosphere. I admitted, finally, to myself that I didn’t quite love this man. He meant a lot to me, but my love was somewhere else. Somewhere alone. It was too late to change any of it, so at least one of us would die happy. At least Harrowing would die happy. I took my last deep breath, savoring the life I had and reveling in my mistakes and guilts before it happened. The meteor happened. The wind picked up and I could feel Harrowing’s dark hair fall out of his own short ponytail as he didn’t have much of it. I felt him whisper to me that he loved me and he squeezed me tighter. The light was blinding and the wind was heavy, and then it died off suddenly. 

The meteor had went right past us, flew through our atmosphere, passed us. We pulled back from each other to look around. I pushed back a bit, feeling the guilt and embarrassment set in. I stared at the ground as Harrowing was looking around, spinning like an idiot. I pulled my toes in under me and bit my lip, fighting back tears. He looked at me, suddenly and quickly. “What’s wrong? We’re safe, we’re alive, Daisy! We can be together!”

I began shaking my head, hair going everywhere and falling out of my ponytail. “No.”

“No?” Harrowing asked

“No. This was a mistake. You’re not it.”

Harrowing looked puzzled and hurt but asked anyways “what do you mean I’m not it?”

I choked on my words as I tried to answer him, “I don’t love you, we should have died. You should have died happy. But we are alive and I need to go.” And with that I ran. I ran and ran through the empty streets of Manhattan and I didn’t look back, though I could feel the pain I just put Harrowing through. I broke his heart and I knew it. I knew he probably was wishing the meteor would have killed us as I ran away.

Within fifteen minutes I was on my knees, gasping for air as I banged on the old apartment building door. The paint was chipped and the metal numbers were gone, leaving a faint hint of what the numbers used to be where the paint had faded. “Go away, enjoy your life somewhere else.”

“Killian, Killian it’s me, open up!” I yelled, trying to catch my breath. The door flung open and I got off my knees and met with Killian’s eyes. His blonde hair was a mess hidden underneath his hood. His brown eyes locked into mine and I had never seen them look so dark before. I broke more than one person that day. I hurt everyone, including myself. 

“Why aren’t you with Harrowing? You chose him and not me. You shouldn’t be here.” I could hear the resentment in his voice, and it hurt. It cut me deep.

“I was wrong, I realized right before the meteor flew by! I came for you, I love you!” I felt my words slipping and the tears welling up in my eyes.

“Obviously not enough, your boyfriend is behind you.” Killian stepped out and shut the door behind him, and I turned to see Harrowing.