I grit my teeth, clicking my heels and bow slightly. “My apologies, father.” 

I hold the position as he dodders out of the room, hold it so long I can feel the discomfort of the other guests. I straighten and they do as well according to degree.

I feel the heat in my cheeks, and it is only thanks to an iron will that no color follows. I stalk after father, into the darkened halls of the palace. My quarters are in the east wing, and humiliatingly I must pass the doors to his chamber. A thin line of light beneath the door confirms his presence. 

The silent, turbaned guards stand to attention at my approach and I swear they are smiling at me. Their eyes mock me.

I pause, eyes dark as I search them for the glimmer of mockery, daring them to give me cause for satisfaction. I roll my eyes disgustedly and turn towards the staircase when I hear the sound of retching.

My foot pauses above the tread and for the first time since the old king had sipped his glass, I smile.

I bound up to my own chamber, taking the stairs two at a time. Once inside, I lean against the door and only then do I allow myself to laugh.

“You are in good humour tonight, my lord,” Ravna drawls from the settee. A thick and gnarled grimoire rests against her bare knees as she arches an eyebrow.

“And yet a light still shines in your father’s chamber.”

I cross to her, kneeling and taking her hand.   “We are getting closer. This time he retched.” She withdraws her hand and elaborately turns a page.

“Retched.” She says, coldly, “Surely you can do better than that.” 

“Perhaps,” I say, stroking the thorned spine of the book. “But his magic is weakening, and that gives us opportunity,” I snap it shut and she draws her hand back with a gasp. 

Her face contorts and then she slides her hand behind my neck and draws me to her. Our lips lock fiercely, and then I feel the pressure on top of my head. I grin savagely, “oh sorceress you have much to teach me.”

As I continue my kisses downward, she reverently place the grimoire on the table. As I find my mark, the book begins to glow.

She draws