*I have heat stroke. That's it. Or I'm finally losing my mind. You know, there are a couple of people in my family who checked out like this. So maybe that's it.*

*But it could just be one of those newer targeted ads people keep talking about. They read your info that's floating around and tell you things that sound appetizing to you.*

"This isn't an ad Jax, I'm actually talking to you."

Jaxson, of course looked at his water bottle accordingly. Did someone drug him?

"No, you're sober. I'm offering you an out."

"...what?"

"You're nothing. No one. There's no future for you here."

"That's just rude. Uh, billboard, thing?"

"But there is potential in you. You just have to be yourself for once. Just once... Do you wish to try?"

The colors of the board seemed to melt off the sign, down the wall to puddle at his feet.

"Um, uh..." The man stammered at the odd swirl of paint around his ankles. "Okay?"

The paint was not paint. The abomination, whatever it actually was, began crawling up his legs. It takes a lot for someone to usually panic. Not this time. The sign had been seemingly following him for at least the better part of an hour. Taunting him. Whispering in his ear. Telling him things he didn't know were real or possible.

The thing that swallowed him in a mass was right. No one knew he was gone. No one knew he was dead. Nobody cared.

Jaxson woke up in bed.

It was a normal weekday morning. Birds chirped outside. Semis hurtled by on the freeway. The TV blared the morning news. It helped him sleep. The blankets drenched in sweat. The fan seemingly useless against the heat. What a horrible nightmare. He'd been having them more lately.

He staggered to the bathroom. Turned on the shower. Took a leak. Brushed his teeth. Yawned, and watched his jaw elongate with a horrible set of fangs and canines.

And stopped right about there.

Jax did what anyone would do. Namely scream, flail, slip on a wet floor, and fall into the shower. Of course, no one bothered to call it in. Let alone check out the odd noises. He woke up to some odd sensations. He was bleeding; but the blood was going back in. Everything mended back as if he hadn't just smashed his head open and died.

"I'm, I'm... Huh..." He relaxed.

"Very good. Very good."

He of course stood to look for the voice, only to slip and slide before grabbing the sink for leverage.

"You." Jax breathed. "Where are you??"

"Well, I'm here with you. I simply, how does your species define it? 'Jailbroke' you."

"Jailbroken? I'm not a phone. Who's talkin about phones? ....Ghost of Steve Jobs? Is that you??"

The figure that suddenly appeared around his shoulder and clambered through the mirror spoke. "Clearly not."

Jax screamed, his jaws stretching again as he fell on his back. The eldritch being simply watched him freak out, then grasp over his mouth as if it would fix his new teeth.

"What, what, t-the HELL ARE YOU?!?"

It looked like a person. Or better, it tried to look like a person. And a rather dark visage loomed close in a way no person could actually bend on two feet. A mouth reformed with razors of it own and it spoke again.

"I'm just like you." It said, dripping saliva on the tile. "Well, mostly. I can't emulate your species correctly. Yet."

Jax didn't speak, still trying to hold his jaw together, as if he couldn't do that trick anytime he wanted to.

"I did you a favor. You have potential. As an eldritch being."

"You tricked me!"

The figure's eyes actually widened at that then squinted. "No seriously. You asked for it... I said what I said."

"So... What now?" Jax asked, as he noted the cracks in the wall of the shower. The facts his head wasn't bleeding anymore. Or that he felt so alive. So alive, like he never felt before.

"Now." The figure considered. "I let you learn. Have fun. This is such an easy world to explore. When you are ready, we can move on."

And with that the figure crawled back through the mirror.

---

I might do a late night [part two](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/v8qv6x/wp_depressed_anxious_unhappy_the_sign_shouted_at/ibtbjij/) on this one. Seems like a good time. r/Jamaican_Dynamite