“No, I understand the distinction. And it is true, such is the dogma of the more wizened, who are so very conversant in their own dogma. I expect nothing more in this from you, although I do hope to find in your ramblings the boundary between dogma and naivety…”

The Journeyman bristled. It was irritating that the Watermaster didn’t show even a spark of interest at the most wondrous particulars of the practice. Yet he took a deep breath, and began again:

“Fire magic begins deep inside. You must bring yourself to a calm place and feel the power where it sits. ‘Embers flame’ my master said. You must be like the embers. Trichromatic flame is the perfect embodiment of this. First, the embers spark red; second the embers spark blue; and third, the embers spark green. One, two, three; all separate sparks, each nurtured and maintained, balanced and agile, nurturing each other, giving and taking; separate, nuanced; a dance — you summon from within, but you are a conduit between each elemental vortex of the many that surround you — it is difficult to master this redirection, but it helps to think about the vortices while you try to fan the embers — ”

He was cut off as the Watermaster spoke: “Yes, I know the forms and dances of elemental geodesics, but more do I find interest in if  this is an instance of vortex-channeling manifested with aspects of striation theory. For I understand these things already, and if so, the confirmation would be of great help to me… Do you know if this is the case, or rather, if instead this is a case of remorphic tythis?

Silence. The Journeyman pondered, then said, “I think vortex-channeling is involved in it. That’s the power source from my reading. Striation theory is when layers of independent flame are managed separately but then rejoined for other purposes. That’s a more advanced subject, discussed when building homes and other structures from pure flame. You can’t expect to master trichromatic flame, let alone flame domicile, without first rigorously building mastery of the separate flames and the practice of channeling —”

Floom. Three tightly bound trichromatic flames burst into existence above the Watermaster’s hands. Their colors undulated perfectly and brightened. The room seemed to narrow and then grow as little solar flares arced out further and further, becoming grasping vines of colored fire spinning like thread into a tapestry — no, a mirage — of a garden; until the Journeyman thought he might be standing in an otherworldly rendition of the high temple’s formal garden.

“I see. It is striation derived.”

How infuriating. Had he helped, any?