Three men all sat at a bar in a seedy establishment. The one on the left was a burly bald figure in a black jacket. The one in the middle was tapping a camera hanging around his neck. And the third was sitting stooped over an empty whiskey glass

"What can I get you gentlemen?" asked the bartender.

"How about some shots?" said the drunk-looking man, looking straight ahead.

"Shots would be good," said the man with the camera.

"Aye," said the burly man.

"You take shots?" said the drunk man.

"It's a sin of mine. It takes me back to my homeland," he said.

The bartender poured three small glasses of vodka.

 "A good shot must be carefully measured," said the man, inspecting his glass. "It needs to be clean."

"I see. Just a cold calculation for you, huh?" the drunk gritted his teeth.

"You just need to do it and not think about it," he sighed.

"True," said the man in the middle. "But sometimes, shots stick around." he turned left. "And you may find you pay later for what you've done..."

"It's true what they say. A really good shot burns," said the drunk, looking far off. "It burns for a long time..."

"I agree. The shots I've taken could disgust a man," said the man in the middle.

The burly man leaned right and gripped his glass tightly.

"What's the point getting involved if you don't have the stomach for it, eh?" he said in a low tone.

"You know, my brother liked to drink," the two turned to the drunk. The man looked down at the clear liquid swirling around. "Back then though it was because we were celebrating all his business successes."

"It's a shame that the business didn't go well then," muttered the man on the left.

"Yes... You must have had a lot of success yourself," the drunk man said to the man in the middle.

"How'd you know?" he replied.

"Oh, my wife *loves* successful artists" he squinted and smiled. "Apparently."

The three men sat silently for a minute, before downing their drinks.

"Well. It seems we're all rather busy in the upcoming future," said the photographer. His hand crept to his pocket.

"Indeed," said the drunk man, eyeing the large whiskey bottle next to him.

The burly man's fists tightened.

"Going anywhere after this?" he asked the drunk man.

"Not yet," he said, his hand sliding across the bar. "I just have two more things left to do..."