Amelda had just knelt down to examine the pennyroyal when a young girl leaped out from behind a tree and whacked her over the head.

"...ow?" she said.

"Um," said the girl, staring first at the thin, wobbling sword in her hand, and then at Amelda in consternation. "Die, evil witch?"

"Three things," Amelda sighed, standing up and taking her gardening hat off.  "One, I'm not a witch. Two, that's a rapier, not a club; you jab people with the pointy end bit, not hit them on the hat. Three, who stabs someone in the hat?"

"I was trying to stab you in the back," the girl admitted. "But you knelt down in the middle."

"Of you stabbing me in the back." Amelda pinched the brow of her nose. "Because you think I'm an evil witch."

"Well, I was going to confront the witch in the big house, armed only with the power of righteousness," said the girl. "That's what the Elders suggested when they found out I was the Chosen One, destined to kill the witch and rid our land of evil. But then I thought, what if, instead, I stole a sword, snuck up on her, and stabbed her in the back? Much safer!"

"That. That's actually a fair point," Amelda admitted. "Not a very heroic one, but a fair point."

"Gavin and Robert were all heroic, and they never came back," the girl said primly. "Anyway, if you're not the witch, miss, could you tell me where she is, please? Um. Also, sorry about the, y'know."  She waved her hand, and thus the sword, vaguely in the air.

"Huh," said Amelda, ignoring this. "I have a stable hand called Gavin, and a valet called Robert."

"Oh no!" cried the girl. "They must be ensorcelled by the witch!"

"No, I just gave them jobs after they... After they. Hmm. What's your name, child?"

"Suzannah, Miss. No last name, on account of how--"

"--you're an orphan," Amelda echoed. "Yes, I thought you might be. And I'm guessing you just had your thirteenth birthday? In the village of Sweetbrook. In a year with a poor harvest, and lots of families barely able to feed their own children, let alone one with no parents."

Suzannah stared at her suspiciously. "Are you sure you're not a witch?"

"Yes, Suzannah. Firstly, because witches don't exist," Amelda said, resolutely ignoring the scoffing sound Suzannah made in response. "Secondly, because that's the exact same thing Gavin and Robert said when they showed up in my parlour and told me the Elders had sent them to vanquish me during the Bleak Winter of three years ago and the Long Drought of last year, respectively.  And, let's see, who else? Abraham, Chris and David during the Great Famine. Simon, just after that flood. Graham, he was a bit useless really, ran off with my bard. All the others stayed on, though. Very good workers."

"So you ensorcelled them!" Suzannah gasped, raising her sword, which mostly made the point waver from between somewhere over Amelda's shoulder to a couple of feet to her side.

"No. As I said, I offered them jobs," Amelda corrected, "which is not the same thing at all. It comes with wages, for a start. Although," she mused, "I suppose money is itself a kind of magic?"

Suzannah frowned, lips moving silently. "Wait. Hang on. No. Are you saying that every time there's a bit of a food crisis, the Elders pick an orphan at random and send them off to get a job from you?"

"Well, no," said Amelda. "I think they expect you to die? Sorry." 

"Wow." Suzannah sat heavily on the ground, dropping her sword.

"It would explain the complete lack of weapons or training or armor or accompanying adults. I had always wondered about that." She laughed a little. "Funny how you don't put things together!" 

"Wow," said Suzannah again in a dazed sort of way.

"And what would you even do if you did manage to kill me?" Amelda scoffed. "Ransack the manor? Wouldn't get much for it, to be honest. It's mostly herbs, and you really need to know who to sell to and when to make any real profit in today's markets. I almost spend more time on that than I do on growing the things in the first place. Not like the old days, when word of mouth would do it. 'Got a toothache? Go see old gran in the forest.' Now you need awnings and patter and a robust system of discounts and loss leaders."

"What a bunch of jackasses," said Suzannah, clearly not listening at all. "It wasn't even that poor a harvest! Our winter stores are practically full!"

"Yes. Sorry again about that."

"It's not your fault," Suzannah said, sniffling a little and wiping her face on her, Amelda noticed, very professionally hemmed sleeve.

"Did you sew those yourself?" she asked.

"Of course I did," Suzannah scoffed, snapping from sad to belligerent with impressive speed. "Who doesn't sew?! You can't make clothes last if you can't sew."

"Uh," said Amelda.

Suzannah stared at her.

"I'm very good at plants!" Amelda said defensively.

"Sure," Suzannah said. She clambered back to her feet, and brushed herself down, looking at her sword. After a moment, she picked it up, and stabbed the air experimentally. "Jab them with the pointy bit, you said."

"Well, yes," Amelda agreed. "But also perhaps you shouldn't go back to your village and kill your elders? Just a thought."

"I, what? No! I wasn't going to kill them," Suzannah complained. "I was just going to. Y'know." She stabbed the air some more. "Really get home my point about not sending kids off to die, especially when they are me."

"That would be much less satisfying than you think. Your village would turn on you," Amelda said. "Also, your form is terrible, you're completely off balance. No, I have a better idea."

Suzannah considered her for barely a blink. "You're going to offer me a job, aren't you?"

Amelda beamed. "Living well is the best revenge, if you ask me. Come on, we can discuss it over some nice herbal tea."