Stewie

"And how many claws does Stewie have?"  Gwen balanced her block tower as I consulted the almanac of monsters left to me from my own mother.  I should have dearly loved to meet that woman.  One of my own imaginary/invisible monsters killed her when I was not much older than little Gwen here. 

"On his hands? Or also on his back?"  Gwen stacked three blocks in a row and I clapped for her.  She was going to be an engineer.  I should look up STEM camps for her.  She was clearly a genius.  Did MIT have camps for three-year-olds?

"How about all the claws all over his body?"  I flipped in the index labeled *Claws and when you should be worried.* 

"Four hands.  Seven claws on those."  Gwen recited.  She was absolutely going to MIT. "Then the claws down his back.  But maybe those are spikes. Is this called a spine, Mommy?"  Gwen twisted and twisted until she resembled a dog chasing its own tail. 

"Yes, sweetie!  That is a spine!"  Maybe she'd be pre-med.  I made a note to look up Harvard pre-school camps. "Where is your scaplua? Do you know?"

"Jane says the rainbow doesn't have the color black but I told her she is wrong but she said I am wrong and it's not fair that she said that."  Gwen pouted, avoiding my human anatomy question.  Dear god, please don't let her be an artist.  There was just no money in that.  

"I'm sorry you fought with your friend. Now, about these claws?"

"Jane is so mean.  And the boys are mean.  I'm going to tell my friend with the claws to scare them."

"So the claw friend is angry?"  I flipped and flipped through the pages.  Claws down the back, where the hell was the entry for a seven fingered, four handed, claws down the back, grudge bearing monster who'd scare other toddlers?

"He's not angry now.  But he does wish you'd put that book away. He says grandma was always looking at that book too.  He says he'll show you his claws.  It's really no problem."  

"What?"  I looked up in time to see the gaping maw of a twenty foot monster bearing down on me.  From inside the beast's stomach my own mother said that I could have been an engineer too if I'd applied myself more in my science classes.