Its been a long time since i held a trigger. I gave up that life, i was an assassin for a very long time. It still itches when i had to cut my finger to prove my loyalty. At least i didnt have to carry a gun again or so i thought. 

The CIA found me and recruited me, my job was to train their agents. They gave me my freedom to do this as i pleased and the people i was teaching were saving lives by taking out the scum of the earth. 

Last year something happened, a flight scheduled to land never crossed the ocean but in the same place that it was at was a blue and red blur going mach 30. It was then that it started a man whose skin is stronger than steel that flies around saving people has been going around the world saving people. His stories in the U.S. are being covered by a journalist named Clark kent an alias because no one anywhere has any recore of any clark kent. 

The only problem with our blur is this guy doesnt care whose side the "bad guy" is. A facility govermentally permitted to expriment on deathrow inmates is the "bad guy" and he breaks everyone out. We suspected that the journalist and our blur are working together but everytime  we sent a tail they disappeared. When we sent jeanie a 12 year old girl who was raised as spy to tail him and she also disappeared that is when i knew that this clark kent isnt going to keep doing what he does, i've killed many for a car, more for a dog but for her im not going to stop until i find her even if i had to tear the blur apart with my own two hands.

There was a fire on the top of the tower, the blur has rushed there blew.out the fire went in and got the citizens out and flew off into the sunset. I just lost the trail on mr kent one min ago who slipped into an alley and downright disappeared.

Kent was spotted later that day on a date of all things, he seemed like a respectable person but when he looked down and his glasses fell down i could have sworn i saw his facial features change. After dropping her home he turned left into an alley and disapppeared again. 

We have our military sattlelite following him closely now. We wont lose him this time or so we thought until he seemed to have been picked up by the blur. Then the unbelieveable happened the blur seemed to feel tired next to a glass door and then he rushed away. This is the third time this has happened in the last month, the only thing in common between the glass cup, the stone statue and glass door is the element of kryptonite. 

We arranged a sniper with a kryptonite coated bullet then set a warehouse on fire. We avoided vocally talking that is how the last group died. The sniper couldnt get a good hit but he did graze him and for the first time we knew that it bleeds. A DNA scan shows that this thing isnt even human at all it's DNA Isnt even DNA but something else completely. 

Clark kent and the blur dont seem to be in the same place at the same time ever, if we ignore the face they both have the same exact build. It doesnt take a genius to deduce that they are one entity and an entity that can change it's facial features. My agents did a mistake of firing on clark kent and paid the price for it. But she was innocent all she does is spy and tail why did he have to make her disappear as well. 

That night clark walked into the mafia's warehouse, he seemed to know his way around there and that is when i saw her standing by their boss. I dont know why i felt so much rage but i broke my vow that night and i came back, i didnt leave a single one of them alive. When i reached the last room and shot the boss in the head she screamed "Daddddy Nooo!??!?!". I just killed her father, her biological father... 

I dont know how what happened after but the blur had me pinned to a wall in that same second. I asked it "Who and what are you?" and it responded "I'm superman more than you'll ever amount to be human" I choked on my own blood and asked it "do you bleed?" and it said "no" i said "I'm john wick, only human" and shot it in the head and it died. Did it really think i was going over there without
my kryptonite bullet?