**\*Clink\***

The chip fell on the alien's desk with a loud noise, having been thrown by the human right from the door. The alien raised her head and gave the visitor an inquisitive look before taking the chip in her appendage and slotting it into her terminal.

"Boom!" the human yelled boisterously. The alien sighed.

"Reaver lieutenant Crankas - taken care of!" he announced proudly. The alien waited for the readout of the chip and... it was correct. Crankas the Mighty, bounty of 10,000 credits, outstanding warrant in 7 different systems. This badly burned and mangled chip was from his ship's mainframe, no doubt about it. She gave the bounty hunter a puzzled look.

"*You*?" she finally said.

"Hey, we humans may not look like much to you kraal, but we're tougher than you think," he brushed her off. "I'll take 1000 credits on a chit and the rest on my account please," he smiled. The bounty master only shrugged and started clicking away at her computer.

"So," she started. "Hard hunt huh?"

"Honestly, I was a little disappointed," the hunter said, inspecting his fingernails. The bounty master chuckled to herself seeing just how soft and weak such a carapace was. "I mean he was built to be this big-bad and, well..." he shrugged and nodded towards the chip.

"I suppose you caught him off guard then? I mean this bastard's killed..." she looked at the record, "17 bounty hunters."

"I asked him to surrender."

The bounty master stopped typing and looked at him.

"You *what*?"

"Ah, it's-" he laughed, "on Earth we have a lot of, uh, media about bounty hunters and the stereotype is that they say 'Dead or Alive', so I thought I'd give him a chance."

"So he knew you were there and you still killed him?" the asked incredulously.

"Yep."

The bounty master thought about his story. It sounded mad - Crankas was an expert pilot with a state-of-the-art brakhar ship known for its speed and power efficiency. But... the chip was standard proof. The human seemingly caught on to her inner pondering.

"It's my ship, honestly. I'm not as skilled a pilot as he was but, well... we have a saying 'Don't bring a knife to a gun fight'," he laughed.

"Your ship - might I see it?" she said curiously.

"Of course. Please," he smiled and gestured towards the door.

The brisk walk to the hangar was filled with anticipation from the alien and smugness from the human. They came to where it parked, opened the door and-

The alien lost her composure and gasped. Kraal hardpoints on a slak body, class III cannons of... indeterminate origin, apparently custom made, ma'al's thrusters... it was an amalgamation of parts from all over the galaxy. Individually they were known for their strengths but never before had they been stitched together in such a haphazard manner. She looked at him with a mixture of disgust and awe.

"It's an abomination," she uttered. He looked at her with a devilish grin.

"It's *efficient,"* he chuckled.