Recently, my arch nemesis, your savior, Ultrawoman, "publicly announced" her struggles in the past and to a certain extent, her present. I say "publicly" in such mocking tones because in truth these details were leaked from a confidential source. In truth, these details were not something she chose to announce but rather something she chose not to deny, and something she chose to represent with honesty as an example for those who have gone through the same struggles.

Ultrawoman has stood above and beyond the normal citizens she chooses to protect as a paragon of virtue, strength, and unwavering bravery. Yet as this issue has come to light these citizens she chooses to protect make light of her situation. Mock her for having a problem which many have never faced. But what's new? After all as a shepherd for the people she has to face many battles which her little sheep would never have to fight themselves. But a shepherd can't strike out at her own sheep. But I, The Wolf, can act in her stead, even despite her protestations.

In that vein, have kidnapped 20 individuals who have made what are, in my view, irredeemable and loathsome public commentary on Ultrawoman's issues with depression. Many are news anchors, the writers of OpEd pieces in newspapers, and of course I had to get the creators of the extremely distasteful SNL sketch written about her. These individuals will remain safe, so long as they keep their new conditions in mind.

See, I've strapped a bomb to each person, and I have a camera directed at their face. So long as they remain smiling during their waking hours, the bomb's timer does not move forward. They're provided with food, fine living conditions, and are permitted to sleep, of course. But if they frown, cry, or in any way give in to despair then the timers will simply have to count down for as long as they aren't "ignoring it and putting on a brave face", as one of these people very recently stated.  As long as they follow their own advice, then they'll be fine.

Ultrawoman, I don't expect you'll go along with this type of lesson. But I don't really mind that. In fact, there's minimum security around these individuals and those who are guarding them have orders specifically to not impede you. It will be a cakewalk. I've actually already sent their locations to you. I can only imagine the shame and guilt they'll be filled with once they see the woman they mocked coming to their rescue, despite the jabs they made at you. But I'm also perfectly at peace with these individuals getting rather explosively removed from society, were you to give in and see things my way, or even just be a little late. So y'know. Tick tock and all.