"Brother! Look!" Talia exclaimed, pointing at the ruined village ahead of them. "Another settlement!"

"Big bloody deal." Her brother, Jonathan replied, his crestfallen gaze not leaving the ground. "It's probably full of dead corpses and little else."

"Maybe..." Talia replied, her excitement wavering. "But at least we can grab some supplies on our way out."

The twin adventurers entered the village, its wooden houses and cobbled streets untouched since the day of calamity. Talia rested her hand on the pommel of her sword, glancing around nervously. She was sure that Jonathan and her were the only people for miles around... so why did she get the feeling she was being watched?

A crack sounded out from nearby. Talia wheeled around, drawing her blade, whilst Jonathan was momentarily shocked out of his despair-induced stupor by the sudden noise. 

"Who's there?" Talia yelled. "Show yourself!"

There was a long silence as her voice echoed throughout the empty village. her heart sank at the thought they might be alone, but a rising terror came across her when she heard movement coming from all around her. She stepped back, keeping Jonathan close with her free hand.

From out of every dark alley, sewer drain, or otherwise dark recess, they came. Shambling undead crawled out onto the streets, their bodies putrefying and falling apart in the dusk. they crowded around the two adventurers, blocking their every escape route.

"Wh... What are we going to do?!" Jonathan whimpered, seeing his scared reflection in the zombies' cold, lifeless eyes. Talia just stared them down, ready to go down fighting. There was no way the two of them could survive this onslaught...

Then, over the shambling, another noise entered their heads. A discordant sound, groaning and wheezing... wait, was that music? Talia couldn't believe it, but she could swear someone was playing a marching tune very off key somewhere in the mob.

She was just about to launch herself at the amassed horde to get it over with, but towards the north of town, the mob parted, revealling a sight she could not believe. Four undead thralls were carrying a fancy wooden chair atop their shoulders, like a makeshift palanquin, upon which sat a wizened old man in long, extravagant robes. in one hand, he held a long staff adorned with a green orb.

Talia and Jonathan looked at him in utter disbelief as he looked them both down, before announcing in a thunderous voice; "Welcome, Lords and Ladies, *to Necro-topia!* where you can have the time of your life, even if you're surrounded by the undead! My name is Nero, and I'll be your guide!"

The zombies applauded in excitement as their tune came to a triumphant crescendo. Talia could have done anything at this point. She could have charged this weird man and ended him right then and there, she could have ran far, far away from this place, or she could've surrendered herself fully to her inevitable fate. but all she managed to say in the face of this absurdity was;

*"...What."*