Vega was a hero. A controversial one - her own powers wrought from the hands of the demon possessing her, but the public didn't care, they only saw a demon - but a hero, nonetheless. She worked herself to death for this city, almost literally. There was room for little else in her life - hence, her name was Oblivion. There were really only a few villains in this city, but they weren't anything to sneeze at - the reality-bending Trainwreck, the prodigal hero turned spiteful villain Triple Threat, the fallen angel Benevolence, but most importantly, the off-beat showoff and the diabolical plotting of The Conductor.

The Conductor, despite her relative lack of power compared to her would-be co-workers, was who Vega considered her rival. The other villains just wanted to push around the hero, maybe start a cult in Benevolence's case, but they would never threaten the whole of the city like The Conductor would. Nor would they accept their defeat so gracefully like her. The Conductor seemed like a villain right out of a comic book, down to the tropey marching band attire and her endless array of gadgets, imbued with her mind-controlling powers. 

One day, the jeers and boos of the crowd amidst their battle finally seemed to get to the lady. Vega was about to just give up entirely, walk home and let the villain win for once when The Conductor threw her hat on the ground and snarled at the crowd of hostages - something uncharacteristic of her.

"Listen here, you ungrateful brats! Do you know how hard it is to put on a show like this every week? Do you think maniacal schemes just make themselves!? I'm trying to make art, damn it, and you disrespectful twats are sapping my model's motivation!"

The crowd stilled at her exclamation, equal parts nonsensical and heartfelt.

"Do you really think she would be fighting me - stopping a bank robbery - if she didn't mean it? You're scared of something that's never gonna happen! And even if it DID, we're the only city on the goddamn planet that has a literal angel here! She'd be gone in seconds! If you're not gonna cheer her on, can you at least shut up until you're saved like a good audience!?"

The Conductor was huffing and puffing by the end of it, leaving a stunned crowd staring at her. They started to murmur and whisper amongst themselves, and turned towards Oblivion, falling quiet once more. Her trademark blank expression faltered for a moment, sighing and holding purple flames alight in her hands, turning back to The Conductor. Maybe for just a few more days.

"... You really don't make any sense to me."

And with that, she charged. Not because of the chants starting to slowly take hold of the crowd, singing her praises for once, but instead because she knew it was the right thing to do.

And nothing, not even oblivion, would stop her.