"Very well, my lord", said Kanan. As the royal poisoner he should be ashamed. But his was not a normal employment.

As he watched King Haeald leave the room, his mind was already racing with ideas of how to "kill" the king. Well, not killing the king, that wouldn't make much sense. But almost doing it.

Kanan stayed in the ball for a few hours still. Mingling and having hollow conversations with nobles from the kingdom and ambassadors from other lands. He still had to maintain his apparent role as the royal physician after all.


Kanan was lucky that night. It wasn't raining much. Only a light drizzle. He still got to his quarters soaked, but at least he wasn't covered in mud today.

The quarters of the royal poisoner wasn't much of a bedroom as much as it was a greenhouse. During the day people liked to walk by, admiring the colorful plants, without understanding how dangerous they were. If they knew, Kanan wouldn't have so much trouble keeping the pompous kids of the lesser nobles away.

Just as he walked up to his lodgings at the back of the building, the poisoner heard the click of a door opening.

"Master Hanes, is it you?" - asked one of his assistants in a hushed voice so as not to waken the others.

"Yes. Have you gotten the herbs of the list"

"Yes... No... Well... Not all, there was a few which I-"

"Have you at least gotten belladonna? Enough for three doses?", Kanan interrupted. It was too late for excuses. Right now, all he wanted was sleep.

The little man nodded.

"Good. I want the pigs ready. I'll need two, for the testings." The poisoner ordered as he entered his bedchambers, before stopping. "Also, fetch me a guard tomorrow morning as well. I think one of the ambassadors tried to poison the prince."

"Very well, Master", said the weak figure as he blended back in the shadows of his room.


After a healthy breakfast, one dead pig and another slightly nauseous one, Kanan Hanes arrived for the midday meal, where the king was entertaining his guests. Before sitting on the king's left, the poisoner gave the head of the guard a note containing the details of the "ambassador" who tried to kill the crown prince.

"You're late", turned the king, without losing his smile, maintaining a serious voice.

"I'm sorry, my lord. My duties took far longer than expected.", Kanan said, taking a chalice filled with wine. "Wine?"

The master of poisons couldn't even count ten heartbeats before the king's face took bluish sheen.

The ambassadors, of course, started to notice something was wrong, but the locals didn't even bat an eye. There's no interest in something that happens everyday, after all.

"It seems the king is tired. Come my lord, let me take you to the resting chamber.", said Kanan.

When the sound of the banquet hall had died down, the poisoner tried to administer the antidote, but the king refused.

"This poison is too strong." The king mumbled in a hoarse voice.

"It seems I can't please you, my lord. But do not worry, the symptoms will subside in about an hour."

"How long for this one?"

"I think about 3 weeks of taking this dose daily. Then another 2 with a slightly higher dose. Then you can consider yourself mostly immune."

"Mostly?"

"As I said before, no one can be immune to every poison, but you can become quite resistant."