*Ahem*

I always believed what elevated a villain to a super villain was their sense of *style*. But my unique, snazzy, often explosive ways of contacting you plebes are starting to be expected. ^(I know, Paradoxical.) And so, I have chosen to host a press conference, something wholly unexpected and therefore being able to drill into a much bigger audience, what will likely be the most important thing I'll ever say.

&amp;#x200B;

My nemesis, the recently renamed Impenetrable^(— god, which idiot told him that was a better name—) Well, they have decided to tell us of their still continuing struggles with depression. This is in my opinion one of the bravest things Impenetrable has done in my decade of knowing them, and I will fully support them in any way I can.

That being said, My solidarity with Imp— Yeah, no, I'm not calling them that anymore. What was their previous name? They had that for a month. Something starting with O, right? Something like Omni—ohhhhh.

Yea, I'll just call them Arch like I used to. ^(People know him better as Impenetrable, my ass.)

That being said, My solidarity with Arch, while more than enough to call this conference, is not the only reason I am here.

&amp;#x200B;

I expected a few dozen or so degenerates to mock Arch for his ongoing battles. I'd have just zapped them and changed the chemical balance in their brain, preferably without Arch knowing— They'd just reverse it after all. With those... bad apples hidden, I mean gone, we as a community could help Arch.

What I didn't expect was more than half of this so-called society to deride Arch for being, well, human.

I couldn't believe you fools. You call me evil, while you continue to beat Arch down when he's at the weakest, when even I wouldn't hurt him. Tell me, who is the real villain here?

I probably should have zapped everyone here, to make you understand an iota of what Arch is going through. The only reason I didn't is because Arch asked me not to. How he knew what I was going to do, I'll never know, but consider yourselves lucky that Arch doesn't want you heartless creature to experience his demons.

Maybe I should have just held hostage a dozen kids or so till you learnt at least some amount of empathy, and decency. But I doubt anything I said or wanted you to understand would have gone through those thick head of yours. Best case scenario, I'd have traumatized bunch of kids and parents, and angered an entire city....

Or maybe— WHAT DID YOU SAY GENERAL?!

....

\[1/3\]