"Are you the one who they call Jailik?"


The grey eyed, brown haired man sighed. He'd evidentially done this more than a few times before. Still, Jailik greeted the man with his trademark cheery smile. "Yes, young man. How may I help you?"



The young man drew his sword, and flashed a sneer. "Then you are under arrest, by order of queen Ruthesia herself!" He seemed to be declaring it to the heavens itself with how bloody enthusiastic he was about it. Gods above, they keep sending dumber and dumber people.


"Now, what would the queen want with a simple farmer?"


"Nothing, but you sir are a witch!"


"Witch?" Jailik repeated, before then gesturing to a rather measly field of potato's. "I'm a farmer. I farm stuff. No witchcraft here."


"How else then, do you explain the dragon hatchling under your care? Who hatched from your own stock?"


"Would you believe me if I said I didn't know?"

"No. And neither will the queen." He warned, before then walking towards Jailik. He was ready to strike with his sword at any moment, as if he expected Jailik to blast him with a fire ball or eat him or something. Jailik simply waited, remarkably calm for someone with a sword at their throat.


Suddenly, a roar could be heard from the sky. It was loud and defeaning, so much so it could've made your ears bleed. A shadow loomed over head, and with blinding speed a huge beast-no smaller than an elephant-slammed into the ground, with such ground it almost knocked both men to the ground.



"Hello, Rayla!" Greeted Jailik as the great dragon loomed. A real beauty if you asked Jailik, a red dragon-the type that breathes fire and hoards gold and all that-with emerald eyes and feathers on her legs. The young man, now trembling, raised his sword ineffectually at the dragon.



Rayla did not seem impressed. She simply swatted away the sword and roared again, which caused the young soldier to flee. For good measure she scorched the earth behind him, blasting away a good few birds as a result. Jailik sighed.


"You know you're not making things better, right?" He scolded, giving the dragon a mean glare, at which she seemed to shrink. She backed away, making a few pathetic whimpering noises as she did, which promptly shattered Jailik's heart.


"I can't stay mad at you forever." He said as he walked to her, scratching the beast under her chin, which seemed to calm her enough for her to make a noise akin to purring.


He probably would better off with a guard dog or something, but she's *his* overgrown lizard of death.