My first attempt.  Please be gentle :).  
\-------

I always looked forward to this time of the month, when the moon hung full and bright in the night sky. The reflection on the lake in front of my cabin looked like a path of light leading straight to my front door.  I loved living in my remote cabin, nestled in an alpine valley with no trappings of the modern world.  I wanted for nothing.  I lived off the land and enjoyed a life of solitude.  For me, it is absolute heaven.  
  
The only time my solitude is interrupted is on the first night of a full moon, when my clock chimes 9 times.  When the sound fades, there is a knock on the door. Just loud enough to get my attention.  And right on cue, there it is. I walk to the door and open it. Standing at the threshold of my door is a little girl.  No more than 12 she stands there, she looks familiar, but I can’t quite place her face.  And our visit begins the same way it always has for the past ten years.  
  
“Hi, Mister Chris. Do you have any sweets?” she always asks intently, yet politely.  The sweets I offer her are usually apples or other fruits that grow handily nearby. Tonight, it’s an orange. She smiles up at me as she starts to peel the skin from the sweet fruit.   
  
I kneel down so we’re close to eye level.  
  
“Hello, Miranda.” I begin, a slight hesitancy in my voice, “Tonight is the tenth year you’ve been visiting me.”  
  
Miranda enthusiastically nods, having successfully removed the peel from the orange, she has rather enthusiastically started eating the fruit.  I wait for her to finish the bite she’s on.  
  
“I don't really know how you get here, nor how you know my name.” I state, looking at her familiar yet unfamiliar face.  The memory is there, but it’s wrapped in a fog. It is tantalizingly close.  She looks at me expectantly, waiting for me to continue.  
  
“But what I really don’t understand is. . .you haven’t changed a day since we’ve met. Your hair, your age, nothing. You are the exact same. Why is that?”  
  
Miranda looks at me, and her face changes.  There was a soulful maturity I hadn’t noticed before.  She smiled, and it warmed my heart to see it.  She seemed a bit more radiant, I don’t know if it was the glow of the full moon, or what, but a distinct aura framed her.  
  
“Chris,” she replied, in a voice also sounding much more mature, “My dear, sweet Chris. I am not the one not changing. You are.”  
  
And then I remembered. Everything.  
  
. . .  
Miranda stood with a smile. She really enjoyed these visits.  When the moon was full and the time was right, she could visit her brother.  She looked at the peels of orange in her hand already starting to fade, and with tears of joy and sorrow, she rested her hand on the gravestone.  
  
“Until next month, baby brother.”