The funny part was that she wasn't even old enough to drink.


I don't remember who had given her the name Whiskey. The little girl who showed up on our doorstep almost a decade ago, battered and bruised. She barely knew how to talk back then, even though she was already ten years old. We never did figure out what pieces of shit did that to her, but I guess now it didn't matter. We were her new parents. Had been for eight years.


To make one thing clear: when I said "we" raised her, I didn't mean me and one other person. God, no. That would be ludicrous. You need more than two people to handle Whiskey. The saying, "it takes a village"—yeah that's true, just the village in this case was a guild full of lethal assassins.


At first, nobody explicitly taught her anything. We all agreed it'd be best not to get a child mixed in our affairs. But before anyone realized it, she was rigging up bombs, picking the hardest practice locks we had (and eventually real ones), and trailing us around on missions. I still remember giving her her first job.


It was nothing crazy. Scuffle between two winery owners, something about one stealing the other's grapes. Whatever the case, someone had to die. Whiskey begged and begged—she had to have been thirteen then—and I said screw it. She was better than most of the guild at locks and poison, I figured she was ready. 


I didn't realize how wrong I was until she got back. She puked up her guts all night. 


"How could you?" she screamed between tears and bile. "How could you let me do that?"


She was right. I was an idiot. A thirteen year old girl had no business slicing a grown man's throat.


"I'm sorry," I said, not knowing any other words to make it better.


For the next year, Whiskey shut down. It was like when we had first gotten her. She barely spoke, barely ate, and barely left her bed. No matter what we did, her shell was unbreakable. That year had been one of the best for the guild's wealth. Nobody cared. 


Eventually, with extreme caution, she began to wake up. She didn't talk still, but she'd at least join everyone for breakfast, or pick up a book or lock. A few months passed that way. People teased she was like a ghost. Then, finally, she spoke again.


"Hey, Martini," she said, as cavalier as one could during breakfast.


Wide-eyed, I stared at her for a moment before responding. "Yeah? What's up?"


"Could you give me another job? I wasn't ready last time, but now I thin—"


I stopped her in her tracks.


"No."


"Huh? Why not? I know what happened last time, but I'm older now and—"


I stared into her eyes, and she knew I was serious.


"No. I won't let you kill another person. Not yet, at least. You're too young. I mean, you can't even drink for God's sake."


Her lips curled into a devilish smirk; they looked like an imp's horns. 


"Fine," she said, "but you better keep your word. As soon as I turn eighteen I get my own mission."


"Sure," I said, getting up from my chair and shaking my head. "If that's what you want."


"Oh," she said, as I was leaving the kitchen, "and I get to tag along still, like I used to. You said I don't get to kill people, not that I can't watch."


She was right. There's a big difference between watching someone die and killing someone yourself, and she'd been a part of so much death already that I didn't care if she watched.


The thing was, she did more than just watch. During her stint of depression, I had forgotten how good she was at everything besides pulling the trigger. I was quickly reminded of her skills when she watched me fumble with a lock to a politician's room for a few minutes before pushing me aside and opening it herself in five seconds flat. I tried to cover her eyes as the neighborhood was woken up to the sound of a gunshot, but she looked anyways. She didn't seem phased.


That's how her and I became the most requested duo of the guild. The jobs came in her name, but I didn't care. Recognition in this profession will kill you, and anyone who wanted her dead wouldn't think Whiskey was a teenage girl.


We were able to get into rooms nobody else could, and we killed people who were previously thought to be invincible. If somebody wanted someone dead, no matter who, they'd ask for Whiskey. Our services didn't come cheap, but that didn't keep business away. When you're the best at something, somebody will pay.


Now, on her eighteen birthday, I kept my word. It was a quiet job; the person to be killed was insignificant. Nobody would miss the guy. Just in case she got cold feet, I tagged along with her.


"Before you do this," I said to her, ignoring the tied up, gagged man's muffled screams, "remember what happened last time. Are you sure this is what you want?"


"Yeah," she said, as she took the pistol from my hands. "I'm sure."


On the drive home she seemed alright, though a little quiet. Once we got past the front doors of the guild she ran to the bathroom. I sighed as I listened to the same sounds from five years ago.


"Can't be mad at me this time," I shouted at the closed door. "You're a grown lady now. You made this choice."


"I know," she shouted back, "I know. Just leave me alone."


I went to the living room and propped my feet up. The fireplace crackled next to me, and I closed my eyes as I sank into the leather couch. I hoped she wouldn't get depressed like last time. I didn't know if I could handle another year like that.


The sound of footsteps woke me up from my nap. Standing in front of me was Whiskey, with two glasses in her hands.


"Hey," I said, still half-asleep, "you're not old enough... wait."


She rolled her eyes and handed me a glass identical to her own.


"Sorry about that," she said. "A lot of memories from last time came rushing in. It wasn't the job itself that did it. I'm good now."


"It's fine," I said, twirling the glass between my fingers by its stem, "as long as you're feeling better. Where'd you learn to make this?"


"It's not much different from mixing poison," she said. "I mean, it's basically the same thing."


I smiled. "Well, good choice," I said, as I took a sip. The drink was strong, but well-crafted. I could tell she put her heart into it.


She did the same, and the second the liquid touched her lips her face scrunched up and she began to cough. 


"What the hell?" she said, huffing air in an attempt to clear her mouth.


I chuckled. "You'll get used to the taste. Everyone does."


She looked down at her glass and swirled the liquid around. She shook her head. The customary toothpick was sticking out of the drink, and she grabbed it.


"No," Whiskey said, spinning the toothpick with the olive between her fingers for a few moments before biting the fruit off. "I don't think I will."


"Suit yourself," I said, as I took her glass and poured its contents into mine. "More for me. Just like always."