In less than 0.001% of users the side-effect known as Detached Escapism occurs. Generally these are your gamers that go a bit too hard too often. Not necessarily because they like gaming so much, but for the mere escape from reality.

Jeff was not among those groups so why did his bedroom door stop leading to the hallway? Why did his window look out to a sky of darkness with slow moving nebulaic lightning?

He fiddled with his VR equipment, did the emergency log-off and basically anything else that should work. Of course, they did not help. For whatever reason, Jeff was detached and he knew it.

Thankfully a handful had come back from detachment so he knew what to expect. Jeff didn't follow such things, but everyone else made such a big deal about it he was forced to learn. Something he couldn't be more grateful for.

But that wasn't the issue. Even with information, he had no idea what to do for food. Grand strategy games and RPGs both seemed like dangerous options. "I really should have paid more attention." he mumbled in frustration.

Would he be the OP protagonist or literally anyone else? Would he be the king or a simple men-at-arms? 'Too risky' he thought, dismissing the idea.

Kerbal Space Program seemed pretty interesting, but he'd never seen food in the game and he didn't have it modded for the current update. 'Shame, that would have been fun.' Jeff thought, still lying on the bed staring at the surreal view in the window.

He knew his game library. Although it was fairly extensive, it was really the same five games with slight variations. And none of those five games were something pleasant like Stardew Valley.

It just wasn't his day. He went to grab a beer from the mini-fridge while he considered his next steps. It was empty. Actually, that's misleading. It looked like that impenetrable black void his door did

That shifted his whole mindset. Not only did he need food. He wanted weed and something proper to drink too. Closing his Steam library he plugged in an external hard drive with the games he never really played.

**Leisure Suit Larry**

"Please let me be Larry and not one of his conquests." he said in prayer to whoever might be listening and began.