"Fine," the genie smirked.  "Just remember, however, that 'good' is determined by each individual.  And my version of good just so happens to involve a world where humanity is inexistent."  
"Wait, you missed my poin-" the paladin stammered, eyes panicked.  
"I understood what you meant to say.  I also understood what you really said.  You wanted a world free of death, of hunger.  But to me, good is defined as creatures who never cause purposeful, vengeful death.  I reserve good for those who don't imprison me for their version of 'good.'  Goodbye, brave little paladin."  
As he dissolved from my view, I felt my leash unshackle.  I don't know how humans managed to trap me in the first place, for their own advantages, but now, I'm... free.  
I glance down at the ground, my body sifting around me like sand, gently influenced by gravity.  I notice a small rectangle next to the paladin's left-behind clothes, and I pick it up.  
I rotate this rectangle around, and realize it's something this human wrote in.  I flip to a random page, and see a drawing of a sick little child.  The words explain that he was the paladin's brother, only five.  He'd been diagnosed with cancer early on, and the family was struggling to pay for it.  The paladin came looking for me, to help his brother, and the many like him.  
*Perhaps humans aren't the only evil out there.  And perhaps they aren't all evil...*  
I shake my head, eyes downcast, feeling almost guilty for all the lives I'd inadvertantly killed.  I almost feel evil myself.  The journal falls out of my hands and into the earth with a soft thump.  
"So, why'd you bring me back?" I hear a voice murmur.  Glancing up, I see the paladin, body shivering at the meeting with death.  
"Because my version of good is no longer mine."  And right now, as I tell this story to all of you, decades later, I still don't know my definition of good.  I still don't know who deserves death, and who deserves to live.  I don't know if anyone even has the right to take a life or bring one into the world.  I don't know if that child died from something evil or if he got help.  
But I'm no longer a slave to other people's desires.  And for that, I owe that little soldier my life.