At Kevin’s words, several pairs of eyes instantly pivoted towards him, locking on like a hawk tracking a mouse. Even the dying man, who had so far been gurgling with blood and stared off into the distance, took the time to appraise the necromancer.

Kevin looked utterly normal. In fact, he looked more normal than most people would imagine themselves, so he was probably slightly below normal. He wore sensible, covered shoes, a little scuffing on the black leather. The shirt was well-ironed but old. The trousers, likewise, but also grew a little short, nearly exposing his ankles. And a side-parted haircut so non-threatening that it was essentially a white flag.

“You?” the woman, who held onto the man’s hand, said.

“Yes,” Kevin said. “I assure you, I am a licensed necromancer.”

“They have licenses for that?” the dying man babbled, a fresh squirt of blood dribbling from his throat.

“Yes,” Kevin said. “I understand if you don’t me around. But I’m probably your best shot at saving this man’s life. Technically.”

“Technically,” the woman whispered, causing a ripple of hushed exchanges through the crowd.

“If I may,” the near-corpse said, raising a meek arm. “I would like to have a hand in this decision.”

“Of course,” Kevin said nervously. “It is rare I get to ask consent for these sorts of things. They tend to have us practice on old bones.”

“Is the procedure safe?”

“Well. You can’t be any more dead,” Kevin smiled reassuringly.

“Right,” the man gasped. “Will I be the same person I was?”

“Maybe a little changed. Just a little,” Kevin said. “But a doctor wouldn’t leave you unchanged either. Like he took a knife to an apple, slowing slicing the rotten patches off. You’ll eventually only have this much of yourself left.”

“And your necromancy?”

“Well, it’s kind of like sticking that apple into the freezer,” Kevin nodded sagely. “You’ll be more yourself. In a way.”

“How… how can I trust you?” the woman wept, gripping the man’s hand even tighter.

“If you’ll excuse me,” the man two steps from death’s door spoke up again. “I don’t have much time left. I’ll very much like more clarifications. Do I turn into a zombie?”

“Do you want to?”

“Not at this stage of my life, no,” the man said. “Can you bring me back as is?”

“Missing a few fingers? No problem. I can reattach those, but I don’t think you’ll appreciate how painfully I do it. Corpses and all, remember? But if you reconsider about the zombie part…”

“No, thank you,” the man said firmly. “No doctors around, right?”

Nobody stood out. Nobody replied. Kevin stood there, shuffling his feet around.

“Fine, fine,” the man said. Those became his last words as he plopped fully onto the ground, leaving the woman a sobbing mess.

“Here goes nothing,” Kevin gritted his teeth, clasping his hands together. Dark green light began to snake its way out of the finger formation, gently floating down towards the corpseon the ground. It touched the dead flesh, and suddenly, became frenzied. It rushed down each stretch of skin, some dissipating into it, and others seemingly attaching and glowing certain parts.

“The injured parts,” Kevin siad. “It’s trying to do some rudimentary healing.”

And out of the blue, the man stood up again, bleary eyes regarding the scene around him.

“God,” he muttered. “That totally sucked. Remind me never to die again.”

A loud cheer erupted from the crowd. The woman hugged the man tightly for what felt like eternity, before turning to thank Kevin profusely.

He was gone, like a ghost into the night.

“Fine,” the woman whispered. “Thank you, necromancer. Our very lives are indebted to you.”

“Why do I want to eat brains?” the new man said.

---

r/dexdrafts