"What the fuck is this? WHAT, THE, ACTUAL, FUCK, IS, THIS?" I roared.

"I'm the man who is going to kill you, Evil mage!" The boy retorted, waving his metal toothpick in an attempt to be menacing.

"Man? There's more hair in my arsecrack than on your chin, boy! You can't be more than what, twelve?"

"I'm thirteen!"

"Oh, I'm so sorry sir, I wasn't aware you were so mature and wise, let me apologise. You're a fucking child, for Geruda's sake! I'm not fighting you!"

The boy didn't seem to like that much, his nostrils flaring as he once again waved his weapon.

"You shouldn't underestimate me! You know nothing of what u've been through!"

"You're Jack, son of Jake, of the hamlet of Iron-oaks. a raiding party torched your village and sold you to slavery where you served as a kitchen servant to a vampiric noble until he was exorcised by a member of the helsing's hunter guild , at which point you were taken to the imperial capital to study as a ward of the healing guild, until you were selected by the academy master for your skill in fencing and enchanting to take part in this quest."

His mouth opened, a fast at my detailed knowlege.

"Oh, come, do you think an idiot would survive as many enemies as I have? Actually, I do need to send some flowers to the marquis' family, very unfortunate how inept that assassin was."

"Are you toying with me? My life was ruined by your soldiers!"

If i still had eyes I likely would have rolled them at this comment. One of the downsides of lichdom, limited facial expressions...
although my daily embalming rituals do help a lot with that.

"This again? Look, I understand that I am well-known as a negative factor in regional stability, but I'm not the only one! Besides, that raiding party was rogue knights."

His face betrayed his confusion at my statements. He genuinely didn't know. Poor manipulated fool.

"You think knights are loyal protectors of the land, fighting for honour? They get paid! And there are far too many who think they don't get paid enough."

The kid looked ready to cry. I genuinely thought I had broken him at that point.

"It was the imperial army? You're lying."

"You can't deny my words, kid. you know that they're true. You covered crystal balls at the Academy right?
I have recording crystals going back centuries, I can show you."

So i did, I guided him through the hallways of my castle.
And i showed him the truth.

"Did they know? The imperial council, the headmaster?"

"If course they fucking knew. A noble made complaints about damage to his land that they had to pay for. The precious headmaster was an adjudicator who examined the damage."

"Then why? Why me? Why you?"

"You I don't know.
As far as I can tell you were simply unlucky enough to be in the wrong place at the wrong time and be good enough with a sword to be fodder to buy them time.

As for me? Well, you aren't the first to suffer from the kingdom's poor management.
Necromancy is considered a very ill-mannered magic, but I believe the utility of relieving the living of their burden in farming and more, it cannot be understated. 
Sadly, the imperial council thought otherwise. In the ensuing chaos, a fair few of my friends died, many of whom were no party to the conflict.
Many others were manipulated into wasteful deaths, much like you."

Poor boy looked mentally exhausted from all these revelations.

"So what now?" He asked

"Well, if you wish to join me, I plan on killing the bastard whose antics keep disrupting my peace and quiet. We may be able to visit that useless king on the way. What do you say Jack?"

He said yes of course, wanted to learn everything I could teach. A most loyal and worthy apprentice, that they would have had me callously murder.

Did i miss anything Jack?

Only my dashing good looks, sir.

Oh, do fuck off with that. Oh, and would you mind fetching my wine goblet?

The one made from the academy master's...

Yes the skull one, I want to reminisce over good times with a good vintage.

Look I know a skull chalice is cliche, but appearances matter with those idiots, so i may as well oblige.