“I’m sorry, milord. It’s just…”  
  
The king smiled, “there’s no need to worry about me, Lirrin. I asked this of you so I could be ready for a real assassination. I need you to honor my command in this matter.”  
  
Lirrin nodded, “Of course, your Majesty. It’s just… what if I don’t deliver the antidote in time or I give the wrong person the poison or I-”  
  
The king stopped them, “Lirrin, calm down.”  
  
“S-sorry, I’ll try, sir.”  
  
“I chose you for this task because I know how capable you are. Should you perform a mishap, that’s a lapse in my skill of judgment, nothing more. But I do not believe it will be.”  
  
“I appreciate the confidence, my king. Though I have never had this much responsibility before.”  
  
“That’s because others failed to recognize your talents. They underestimated you because you don’t exude confidence.”  
  
“Is that a problem?”  
  
“Confidence is a tricky thing, too much or too little can be harmful to one’s ego. Though if you do well at this task, which I am certain you will, perhaps your confidence in your ability will match said ability.”  
  
“So confidence should match one’s ability?”  
  
“Indeed.”  
  
“Then it appears you’ve mastered that balance. You are quite confident, your Majesty.”  
  
“There’s no need for flattery, Lirrin.”  
  
“It wasn’t flattery, my king. I merely speak the truth. It was your tactics that won the most recent war, after all.”  
  
The king smiled, “I still like to think it was my lucky sword.”  
  
Lirrin’s eyes widened, “do you have that sword, sir? I’d very much like to see it?”  
  
“Indeed I do,” his Majesty brought out the legendary weapon, holding it out for Lirrin to observe. Lirrin drew closer for a moment, before retreating. The king chuckled, “there’s no need to be so cautious. You may handle it if you so wish.”  
  
Lirrin gasped and felt the heft of the blade in his hands, eyes darting up at the king, “it’s a marvelous weapon, what was the story of its victory, again? I know I have heard it before, everyone has, but to hear it from your tongue…”  
  
The king smirked, “say no more. It was a cool foggy winter evening when it happened, the sun was setting and the-”  
  
His Majesty gasped, feeling the pointed tip of the sword against his chest. Lirrin gulped, “how was that for an assassination attempt?”  
  
The king smiled, “my my… appealing to my ego. You had my right where you wanted me the entire time, didn’t you?”  
  
“Well, I wouldn’t go so far as to say that, but I did take advantage of the opportunity.”  
  
“I knew you were the one for this job. I’ll have to be more vigilant!”  
  
Kirrin smiled. The job would by no means be easy, but if they excelled in their work and kept the king on his toes, it might even save him from a real assassination one day. And that, that was something to be proud of.