"What the....? Fuck me!"

Next thing I knew, I was... well. Let's say I was in the company of a very ripped man who had been very... *caring* with me, if you know what I mean. It wasn't the first time I got laid with a man, being myself a male as well, and what can I say? He was good. I enjoyed it. Anyway, when extasy left my dopamine-inhebriated body, common sense made its way back to my mind.

"What? No, God damn it!"

Immediately the man -who's name I didn't know still- grabbed his head with both hands and started screaming, victim of his most inner and horrible nightmares.

"THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEAN! STOP IT!"

And he did indeed stop. Frozen like an statue, with a perpetual rictus of panic in his screaming features. I sat down on the bed, massaged my forehead as I tried to think. I had to be very careful with every single word I pronounced, apparently.

"Okay... Stop the damnation on this man, unfreeze him, make him forget he was cursed in the first place. Please?"

It... somehow worked. He stopped screaming, moved around, looked at me and, with a very confused stare, asked me: "Who are you?". Long story short, I made up a tale on how we met the day before... and it became true. Suddenly I could remember what had happened just as I made up the lie. Joe, that was his name, decided to go back home, not before giving me the most passionate kiss I ever received. Okay, that was awkward, but it was nice too. I would probably call him back.

"I need a coffee", and a steaming coffe mug appeared in my hands. "Well, that's convenient. Let's see...". Suddenly I could see *everything.* I mean... *everything.* Everywhere. At once. "No, not that, stop it!", and it stopped as I was watching a camel walking towards Medina, as well as a deep-sea Bathypelagic fish devouring a Mesopelagic fish. How I knew what those were, I had no idea and couldn't care, because I had watched at the same time roughtly one million seven hundred thousand six hundred and fifty six orgasms. All at the same time. I thanked god mentally that I did not say 'let's feel'.

"Okay", I said, "I need some way to better understand what is happening right now".

A Samsung tablet appeared in front of me (hell, that power seemed to know I don't like iPads) and, as I turned it on, there was a single message: 'What is your enquiry?'

"Can I ask for anything?", *'Yes, any wish you express will be granted'*. "It has granted me things I didn't wish! How can I fix that?", *'I'm sorry, God, but system is constructed that way and it cannot be altered'*. "Wait, did you say God?", *'I used it as a popular reference so you could understand better the situation'*.

I looked away and blinked a few times. "I need a joint", it appeared in my hand, already lit, good-quality marihuana. "Thank you. Can I solve world hunger? Tell me the details before doing anything".

The tablet seemed to process for a few seconds. *'Yes, but it may cause unwished side effects, not recommended'.* "What about world peace?". *'Please, define what do you mean as World Peace'.* Huh, that was a good question. "Can I renounce to these... powers?".

I waited a few seconds, until the tablet gave me an answer. *'Yes, they will be transferred to another random human in the world'*. "What, do you mean *anyone?* Even bad people, genocidals, assassins and all? Can I influence who you send this powers to?". *'Anyone, and no, you can't'.*

So, there I was. Smoking a magical joint, drinking coffee that appeared out of nowhere, with a very big, strong and lovely man who happened to believe he met me last night (or did he, actually? I wasn't sure anymore), with the powers of the gods themselves and having to be very careful with each word I pronounced. But if I refused those powers, they may end up in the hands of someone who could actually destroy the world. That... was not good.

"Okay... Please, disponse of this pile of shit from my living room".

With a simple 'Plop', the bullshit bag dissappeared from my home. Not the smell, though.

&amp;#x200B;

EDIT: Added italics for easier reading and corrected a few typos.