&amp;#x200B;

Jack knocked on the door. “Lucard are you in here.” He waited a moment. before banging on the door again with his fist. “You’re late on your rent!  It’s 5 days late and the landlord is not a  patient person. ” It was to no avail there was no answer. He opened the door and stepped in. It was dimly lit with a single candle in the bedside table lighting up the room. Blinds blocked out the bright summer sun. He stepped in staring intently and he made out his surroundings.Jack had never actually been in Lucard’s room before. You know boundaries and stuff. Everything was unusually clean, there wasn’t a speck in sight. There were cardboard boxes around but no furniture or the like. Weird he thought. He opened them and looked through one. Jack knew that Lucard was a hoarder.He didn’t trust the government and kept all his money hidden somewhere and if he wasn’t going to give it to him he would just take it.  Lucard loved music and over his room there was a violin on his desk, a keyboard on his bed and a guitar on the floor. His eyes were attracted to a chest at the foot of the bed. It was different.He walked over to the bed stepping over a big pile of sheet music that had been carelessly left on the floor. It was unusual even for Lucard. It had a thick wooden and iron exterior. The corner of it had rusted slightly orange and although it had a padlock it was open. If there was his savings it was definitely there.Jack opened it. He couldn’t make out what was inside and reached in and touched a squishy object . He took it out to get a better look. It was a plastic bag filled with a red liquid. He froze. It was a blood bag. Why was it here? He thought. He had so many questions. He took out more and placed them on the bed. It must have been over 10 liters of blood.Suddenly he heard a door unlock. It must be Lucard he thought. His head was filled with questions but he didn’t have time. Quickly in a panic he shut the chest and hurriedly attempted to move everything back.The door to the bedroom opened and was greeted by a puzzled face.“Lucard, what are you doing here?” Said Jack sheepishly.“What do you mean?! This is my room?” Lucard and walked towards himLucard stopped. Jack followed his gaze. He was staring at the bed. In the corner of the bed he sees a blood bag. Oh crap thought Jack silently to himself. I must have missed it. Before Lucard could say anything Jack bursted out “Why do you have blood bags in your room”“I don’t want to talk about it”“I need to know you can’t just keep this from me.” Jack put his hand into his pocket.“Fine, fine,'' said Lucard. “I have a blood condition,”“Really” said Jack. “Don’t you think as a roommate it’s important that I know this”Lucard Shrugged. The tension that had slowly built up in the room dissipated“One more thing,” Said Jack. “I need you to remove your mask”Lucard's body went rigid. He had been wearing a mask up until this moment. “I don’t feel well, I have a cold I don’t want to make you sick”

“Then why haven’t you been coughing at all.”Lucard froze; he didn't have a response. Ever since the pandemic started he hadn’t had to worry about this. The tension in the room was so thick it could have been cut with a knife. Jack reached forward and ripped off the mask.“Wai-” said Lucard before hurriedly covering his mouthIt was too late. Jack had seen it, Jack had seen his fangs.  Jack’s face twisted in rage. “A vampire!” He shouted. “You’re a wretched vampire, I can’t believe it!” Jack then reached into his pocket and pulled out a knife.Lucard dodged his attacks. Now smirking“You think that tiny blade will hurt me.” Lucard grabbed the blade but then withdrew it in pain. He looked at his hand and it was burnt.“Silver,” Hissed Lucard.“Not so cocky now!” said Jack, attacking again. “It makes so much sense now,” He swung again, this time faster than before. Lucard dodged by a hair's breadth.“You always hated it when I made garlic bread! This dark dimly lit room. Jack swung again “Your pale ass skin, you say you don’t like my cooking but I have never once seen you eat!” Lucard ducked down escaping the reach of the blade but was immediately kicked by Jack’s foot sending him stumbling flying back into the wall.“How dumb am I!” Jack clenched his fists  “Lucard!” He burst out “Is that short for Alucard, how dumb are you! Are you telling me you’re the son of Dracula? How is anyone that uncreative, what are you doing here, you’re a disgrace!”“Okay you don’t have to get personal” said Lucard before coughing into his arm. To his surprise there was blood on his elbow. The hit from Jack had hurt him more than he expected it to. The blade must have weakened him.” I had put my past behind me but then you came along! I had decided to educate myself and live with this stupid rent but despite being a vampire who are known for having piles of valuable antique goods you seem to be broke.Lucard rose from the floor. His back left a dent in the wall.  “I lost my money a long time ago. I got robbed and also decided to get an education.”Jack's face twisted in fury,” I swore on my mother’s grave that I would kill every last one of you.”Jack rushed forward and was about to stab him but before he did Lucard uttered one word.“Rent. ” He said softly. Jack stopped. His blade was inches from Lucard's face. “You need someone to pay rent. I know that you are also dirt poor, you have no money.”Lucard slowly lowered Jack's hand. He knew that He had gotten Jack.Damnit, thought Jack there was nothing he could do. Jack roared in frustration but put away his knife.Lucard reached out his hand. “Right now we both need each other so that we can pay the stupidly high rent prices.” Jack sighed, he had sworn that he would avenge his mother but her dying wish had been that he get a normal job and have a normal life.He reached out his hand and they shook on it.Jack stared into Lucard’s conniving eyes. He looked very smug but Jack grinned back. Maybe not now but one way or another he was going to kill [him](https://www.reddit.com/r/Shrike_Stories/).