Hero is baffled by the CEO.  


The CEO just smiles at the hero says "What are you surprised, I know what you expected. An evil greedy CEO, who wants more money and doesn't care about people. Someone who just cares about the figures they get, and what their shareholders want."  


The hero goes closer to the CEO, he doesn't know what he feels, he is mad but also sad, confused and relieved but tense and frightened. The CEO sits down in his chair and starts to drink a cup of tea. CEO asks if the hero wants to sit down with a cup of tea for now.   


The Hero just sits down and ponders about what they have been doing for the last half a decade. They have been told that these CEO's don't care about the people or the world and that they're inhumane monsters, but this elderly man....he doesn't seem evil, then maybe he is just deceiving.  


The hero says "Lets say you support my goal, then why do people live so badly now, why do you get to live in such a rich place, with beautiful food and beds. Why is it you don't have augments, while some need it to survive!"  


The hero stands up angrily.  
The CEO chuckles and says "You're a funny person, what do you mean I don't have augments, here look." The CEO shows his right shoulder to the man and it's completely augmented, looked like a old shoulder augment, most probably made just to make the arm more mobile and stronger. The CEO continues to talk "You see, I was also just like you who thought all the rich were scum. Until I met the CEO of a business at the time, it wasn't big but it was profitable and was in multiple districts, so upper-class at least. They explained to me how they are as human as I am. I didn't understand it at the time, but the older i grew, the more I understood this world. I have been trying to help people by allowing them to have businesses and augments. Because the 2 things that I have seen that help people are augments and businesses. Though now it looks like, augments have become a weapon. I am not in the right, but I don't know what to do anymore. Before I could see so many people have a spark in them like a star. But now I only see one person, and thats you."  


"So will you help me sonny to make this world better?"