"Have you ever regretted anything in your allegedly long life?" One of my trainees asked.

After acquiring the City of Detroit, I encouraged those with superhuman abilities to join me, and I would train them in their skills. The citizens were informed of this beforehand, and while a lot were not happy, I pointed out that if I trained these people I would not be recruiting them to my side, they would be free to work how they wished.

"Some. While there was adequate reasons, from my perspective, for those actions, there was one thing that weighs more heavily on my mind more than any other." I replied. Honesty was my policy. This was something I was upfront about. While a lot of my ideas were opposed, some vehemently, I pointed out that I had safeguards in place to counteract any possible repercussions, as not sleeping gives me a lot of time to plan.

"Gather round everyone. This is not something that has been brought up to the general public yet, since this question means revealing information I have not done so yet, my policy about the truth means you all have to hear it."

Twenty people approached me. Their eyes judging me, and I don't blame them. I hadn't even told them the worst part yet.

"My mother raised me to help her in her duties watching over all life on this planet. And I don't just mean what is taught in school. Ogres are real. Giants are real. Vampires, therianthropes, ghouls, centaur, Sasquatch. All. Real. My duty was to help protect them. That was mainly done by helping them hide from humanity. Not all of them are monsters, except for Ghouls. They manifest in derelict graveyards, but since their food source is the recently dead, that issue typically solves itself."

Doubt is in their eyes now. Some believe me, but the doubt is almost tangible. But they have not lived through what I have.

"Most of them, just want to live normal lives. They control their urges, and in the early days, they would live in villages and small towns. But after a century or so, they realized the dangers being around religious zealots and they were relocated to safe havens I established around the world. Some of them didn't care, and I had to kill them before they endanger humans and themselves. But there was one species I had to eliminate. And I was uniquely suited to such a task. With my telepathy and biomancy, I could detect the minds if these creatures, and verify the truth with my biomancy."

"Dopplegangers. You know that phenomenon where you can find an identical stranger? These creatures would replace someone. They would torture the original, and steal their identity, until they got bored and found a new victim. They would become sadistic in nature, reveling in the fear they would cause their victims. Word spread quickly throughout the world of these shapeshifters, and I didn't stop it. That distrust was needed because it kept humanity sharp."

I pause again, to look at the trainees. Unease has settled in now.

"The mind of a Doppelganger is different to a human. A human mind is like a fire. It can be roaring, or a whisper. But always detectable. The flames are your mundane thoughts you don't try to hide. 'Shit day at work'. 'Hope my kids haven't pissed of their teacher again', that sort of stuff. The more private stuff is closer to the fuel source. Private thoughts. But a Doppelganger? Like a fire-proof elephant trunk, it reaches for a fire, and does it's best to slowly inhale the entire fire, as slowly as it can. While a human mind might be hot, a Doppelganger one is rubbery. Almost like a tentacle."

"A Doppelganger cannot make a perfect copy. They like making their skin a little too shiny, or the hair not quite the right colour. Small details which for reasons humans cannot detect puts them into an alarmed mental state. It boosts the temperatures of their fire, which the Doppelganger thrives on. It is a primal rush for them, to make people uncomfortable without them understanding why. But, their actual biology is not human. So I can check the two factors of mind and body to verify if my target is a Doppleganger or not."

"Took me thirty years to kill every Doppelganger, old or young. And remember, my Mother wanted me to protect all lifeforms on this planet, not just humans. But this was something Mother warned me about. Those other 'monsters' can control themselves around humanity, but Doppelgangers cannot stop. They feed from life to life like an all-you-can-eat buffet, never satiated, never stopping."

I sit silently for a minute, as the trainees let everything sink in. The doubt is mostly gone now.

"Is that the Uncanny Valley phenomenon?"

"Mostly. Remember my Mother was a Dragon, she had an aura of fear she could trigger if she wanted. I had one as well, but given my duties, I could manipulate the fear to be anxiety inducing to pants-wetting to literally scaring you to death."

"So, you could for example, using your telepathy and fear aura, instill an unconscious fear of not quite humans whenever you encounter a Doppleganger, and over a period of say thirty years, have it become an actual genetic trait?"

"A tad overselling, but mostly true. I did use my fear aura to make people more aware of the Uncanny Valley so they would notice a Doppleganger, but if I pushed it too far, it would trigger hate riots, and while anger can help you fend off a Doppleganger, it feeds to quickly with others and becomes a whole other animal. Humanity has a very good survival instinct. I just nudged it ever so slightly."