In a gloomy yet magnificent castle, a creature sat on a throne. It looked like half lion half human with snake tail. It sat there while looking at the entrance.

The door then opened. Two teenagers, male and female, came in with their oversized sword and bow.

"Prepare for your death you evil villain!" The boy shouted.

"Welcome to my castle.. young lad and lass. My names is Beowulf. What pleasure may I have to meet you and your partner?"

The boy said, "we are the chosen ones, we are here to end your reign of terror!"

"With only you two? Ha!" Beowulf slapped handle of his chair. "I bet you can't even swing that sword or draw that bow more than 20 times. Even your strongest templar can't beat me. What makes you think you two can beat me?"

"We are the chosen ones! The prophecy said we will beat the villain!" The girl shouted while she took out her arrow

"Calm down kids, I let my door open to any challenge anytime. you might be able to beat me, but it will be in 20 or even 30 years, not now. I will let you go if you retreat now. I am no child killer." Beowulf said it calmly.

"No! the pope said we will beat you, right here, right now! Be ready to die, you vile creature" The girl drew her bow and shot an arrow

The arrow almost hit Beowulf, but he slapped it like it was a fly. "Good god, what an impatient brat."

Beowulf stood up from his throne and roared. "Let me give you taste of fighting me. Try to withstand my terror aura" black sphere visibly expanded and reached the chosen ones.

The boy gritted his teeth and the girl almost cried after few seconds inside of the aura.

"Impressive, you two can withstand  my aura for this long. They must have trained you huh. But it seems you two can't even move" Beowulf retracted his aura. " Now tell me, will you retreat or will you fight me now?"

The boy visibly shaken and said, "if.. we want to retreat, you promised not to kill us?"

"If I want to kill you, you will be dead by now."

The boy talked to his partner, "Cynthia, I think we should retreat."

Cynthia gritted her teeth and said, "I can't Harold, this beast killed my father. I want revenge."

"Lass, I don't think you understand the situation here. I am merciful enough to spare your life. All I want is to take down the Parthenon. Not killing a child."

"Shut up!" Cynthia took out a black arrow with intricate design and red tip. She tried to shoot with the arrow.

Beowulf noticed the arrow and took out his greatsword. He shouted, "LAD, YOU BETTER STOP..."

Arrow was fired, it left trail of omnious black and red light. Beowulf defended himself with his greatsword, but the arrow was too strong. Luckily he was able to change the trajectory of the arrow and it hit his left abdoment.

The girl fell down lifelessly, like a puppet whose strings had been cut.

"Cynthia, CYNTHIA!!"

"HUFF HUFF HUFF, AARRGGHHHH THAT DAMNED PARTHENON!!" Beowulf roared.

"What did you do to Cynthia?? Why she.. didn't breathe?" Harold cried while hugging Cynthia

"Me? I did nothing. I am sorry lad.. I know the Parthenon is always cruel. but this is beyond that. How dare they giving soul crushing arrow to a child." Beowulf explained it to Harold while panting.

"Soul.. crushing.. arrow?"

"Yes, it is a demonic arrow that will use soul of its user to power the arrow. It has massive power, but comes at cost of destroying the soul of its user.. not even the Parthenon can ressurect her."

"Oh no, no, NO! It is a lie, A LIE! The pope said this is our ace to kill you. That it has no major drawback apart from the need to rest for few months."

"... You know it yourself. She is not breathing. she is dead."

"Cynthia, my Cynthia.. we were supposed to be engaged after this." Harold cried while caressed Cynthia face

"I don't think the pope cares about your engagement. I think they want you to be suicide warrior. Did you also get something from the pope?"

"You mean, this?" Harold took out an a black sword with red gem in the middle of the hilt.

"Same one as that arrow. Sigh.."

"This can't be.. right? The pope wants both of us to die?" Harold looked at Beowulf in disbelieve.

"It is up to you to believe me or not, but we are done here. I am injured and the Parthenon will hunt me. Farewell"

"PLEASE WAIT!"

"What do you want?"

"I want revenge. But I am not sure where to start. Can you help me?"

"you want me to help you?" After thinking for few moments, beowulf said, " I guess you can help me."

"How?"

"Here, take this" Beowulf gave his clothes to him. "Tell them you kill me. I will hide and tend my wounds. After that, we can team up to destroy the Parthenon."

Harold nodded and said "yes, to destroy that foul Parthenon!"

"I think it is better for us to do soul contract. We only met for few moments, I definitely don't trust you yet"

"Let's do it."

Ethereal chain came out from their body and chained their soul.

"I feel warm.." Harold said

"I shared with you some of my power. Use this to advance in rank in the Parthenon. This way we can infiltrate the Parthenon more easily"

"Just you wait pope Ilya, I will crush the Parthenon for my Cynthia!"