# Portrait Of A World On the Edge

It’s 2:13 PM and the letter reads *"Send whiskey*." It’s signed in cursive crayon, and a smiley face with tired eyes that stares sadly up at me from the cafe table. My regulars are an eccentric bunch.

*Send whiskey.*

The words are code, obviously. These days if you want something normal you just order it, no faffing about with paper and pencil— crayons either, I suppose. For now, send whiskey isn’t a drink order, it’s a request for a hired killer who knows a hundred ways to end a life but is still puzzling through how to live one. Maybe in a few more years there will be an app for men like me, UberFreaks or something, another impersonal layer between the psychopaths and society. *Send whiskey* will be a coupon code for ten percent off your first murder, no questions asked. Twenty percent if you refer a friend.

Today though, it’s just a function of The Guild. I’d tell you what that is, but then I’d have to kill you.

The waitress brings the check. She smells like someone tried to bottle spring and more or less succeeded, though when the wind blows up from the south there’s a glossy, artificial undertone that ruins the illusion. I lay a twenty on the table, hoping, somehow, that she’ll get the hint I didn’t give and buy herself a different scent.

She smiles a little awkwardly but doesn’t bat an eye as she reaches for the bill. Someone who’s used to a little extra attention, but is pragmatic enough not to question it. Her name tag reads "*Kira.*" The paint’s chipping on her fingernails and her shoes are sensible, a quiet pair of flats. I nod at her as I stand. Fold the letter. Finish the last sip of coffee and the final bite of toast.

In the future, *send whiskey* will be a code she types into a screen. An artificial intelligence will ping my phone with the payment and an address, perhaps a picture of an ex-boyfriend, some bastard who really deserves it. By then she’ll be completely desensitized by the world, almost as jaded as me. She’ll close her eyes and lay back, artificial springtime heavy in her room, and she’ll wonder if she’ll feel it when that ex-boyfriend dies.

She won’t. Neither will her bank account, twenty percent off makes your impulse buy that much easier.

And because a guy like me will have five stars, neither will he.

*Send whiskey*, the letter says. *Send whiskey.*

It’s 2:13 PM, and sometimes I feel like the toast and eggs she served me: burnt to shit and cracking.

r/TurningtoWords