I’ll never forget that fateful day. I had come home to my apartment complex. It was a stormy afternoon so I didn’t do much hunting. In my world, if you aren’t a vampire it’s expected for you to become a hunter. Most people nowadays are hunters. Vampire hunters that is. Vampires, the bloodsucking, pale faced, monsters that we all know and hate. I stuck the key into the lock, turned it and opened the door with a creak. That’s when I saw it. My roommate, Elizabeth, on our beige couch. But that wasn’t what was so concerning. The couch was no longer beige now, it was mostly maroon red, the uncanny red color of human blood. I saw a now pale faced blonde girl lying on the floor near the couch, ice cold I presumed. I knew the scene. I’ve encountered it many times before. A vampire caught red handed. I was prepared to unsheathe my stake before I realized, wait, the rent here is impossible to manage on my income alone. Same for Liza. I would be on the streets if I killed her. “Liza?” I called. She turned around. Liza had always been pale. She was skinny and frail with dark circles around her eyes to match her jet black hair and stone gray eyes. They always had a flicker of red in them. I never seemed to think I might be living with the thing I hated the most. Her usually barely pink lips were stained red with blood. Her skin had a grayish hue and when she began to open her mouth to explain she had glistening white fangs, stained red with the blood from the girl. “I- it’s not what it looks like!” She exclaimed. “Then what is it, Liza?” I questioned. She took a defensive stance then lunged at me. I pulled out my stake. Ready to stab her before realizing…. “STOP!” I shouted. Her mouth was half a centimeter away from my neck. I could feel her breath on my neck, she was breathing heavily. “If you kill me how will you afford rent?” I asked her. Elizabeth froze. She was seconds away from lodging her fangs in my neck. “I- I don’t know.” She replied. She jumped off of me. And that was the day I started living with my sworn enemy. A vampire.