Crunch. Crunch. Crunch. Pop!

Another sapling. 

I sighed and kept grasping at cubes of leaves attached to the square trunk before me. It had been nearly 2 weeks since I became trapped in my game library. I wasn’t the biggest fan of the outside world before, but there were many things I certainly missed. Chief among them was easily accessible food.

Hence what I was doing now: swiping at bunches of oak leaves and hoping to find apples. Once I realised the situation I was in, Minecraft became an important part of my survival. Unfortunately, as I found out from painful experience, when in a game world, you do not automatically get the powers of the protagonist. Punching trees is about as painful for me in Minecraft as it is in reality. Mining and Crafting were out of reach and all I could be thankful for was a good spawn with open land, oak trees, and berry bushes. The field was currently littered with monolith-like upright logs with no leaves attached, since I couldn’t remove them with my bare hands. Even if I could, making them into something useful without Steve’s mini crafting table would be hard.

I hadn’t explored much around the door to my bedroom. Days were still 10 minutes long and I didn’t want to lose the door. Dirt huts for nightfall were also problematic because apparently “placing dirt so that it defies gravity” is another power that Steve has that I don’t.  
Pop! Finally, an apple. It looked like a pixel-art sprite here, but it turned real once I got back to my room. I tossed it in the bucket. I looked up: night had just fallen. All it takes is getting lost in your mind for a few minutes for the sun to leave you to the monsters. I grabbed my bucket and raced past the scores of fallow trunks.

I spotted a green figure with blocky arms outstretched near the lone closed door. I slowed as I neared it. It made an idle noise, facing the other direction. I noticed it had a stone sword in its hand. More danger now, but if I came back in the morning, I might be able to salvage it. That might make some things easier. But for now I needed to sneak past him.

He was about 10 blocks away when I slowly put my hand on the door handle. The mobs seemed to react to noise more in this “game reality” than I remember them doing in the actual game. Somethings changed in the transition it seemed. I carefully opened it, nearly enough for me to slip inside. \*CREAK\*

The Zombie turned and fixed me with its frozen, flat face. It started towards me, but I had already slipped inside and shut the door behind me.

I sighed in relief and dropped the bucket. I heard a thud and looked up to see a girl with pink hair, standing near my bedside drawers. I glared at her. “Kyu, stay away from my drawers or I’m sending you out there with the zombies.” 

She maintained her “deer in headlights” position before grinning and saying cheerily. “How was foraging?”

I gestured to the bucket and headed to my laptop. “See for yourself. Not bad but it’s getting further to harvest each time thanks to all the logs we have to leave.” 

She fluttered over and examined the bucket. “Hmm… You know, this would be much more efficient if you could get a proper farm going.”

I swivelled my chair around to face her. “It absolutely would but I need a hoe”

“Pfft! You said it, man!”

“He-Shut up!” I swivelled back to face the computer. I leave Minecraft running so that the night can be over faster. I haven’t met zombies who can break my bedroom door, but I don’t want to count my chickens, so I’m ready to close it quickly if needed

Kyu came over to my desk. “So… are you going to give HuniePop another shot?”

It had been about a week since I’d given her game a try. I must have got the game on sale or in a bundle at some point, but I wanted to try every avenue to obtain enough food. But I learned that while some game characters act like algorithmic NPCs, some seemed to be actual people. Kyu was the latter, and after playing past the tutorial of her game, she had effectively joined my travelling dorm room. “No, that’s not on the cards right now”

“Come on! Don’t you want to find a special someone?”

“I’m a bit busy trying to ensure I have enough food to survive right now.” I shouldn’t be too harsh on her. She is, after all, from an ecchi dating simulator and canonically a love fairy. It’s only natural that she’d want to push me to play her game

Kyu fell silent for a few seconds. “Well… maybe you can just talk to the girls? You don’t need to take anything to the bone zone just… Look, you’ve been here for some time now. You shouldn’t be almost alone for so long.”

I mumbled “That’s a little ironic from you…”

“What’s that?”

“I mean… Lonely young men who live in their rooms with no social skills, isn’t that like 95% of your game’s audience?”

“Hey! Ignore my game all you want, but don’t insult my simps!”

“So you admit it…”

“Listen, virtual or not, you need to see some new people. Soon. It doesn’t have to be HuniePop, it doesn’t even have to be sexy, just… talk to someone! It will be good for you. Who knows, maybe you’ll even go somewhere with them and you can eat something other than apples or berries!”

I leaned back. “My library isn’t great for that. And I can’t buy anything more.”

“What about free stuff, huh? Have we tried that?” I couldn’t remember trying anything free. She reached over and grabbed the mouse. “Let’s see what we’ve got here… Free dating sims… How about Helltaker?”

“You’re saying we should go to Hell?”

“Yeah! Maybe you can ask for a job in the circle of Sloth!”

“Har Har. No, I’m pretty sure I remember that you can only go a few paces in Hell in this game before your Will Power fails to protect you and you’re just annihilated.”

“Yikes, you’re fucked then.” She scrolls down the page. “Oooh, this looks cute! Doki Doki Literature Club!”

“…You have no idea what that game is do you?”

“Sure I do! Look, you date cute girls in a creative writing club.”

“No, it’s… That’s a facade. It’s a Meta Psychological Horror game. I’m pretty sure just installing it will doom me with my reality as it is. Next one.”

“Okay… I Love You, Colonel Sanders! A Finger Lickin’ Good Dating Simulator”

I blinked. “…What?”

“Yeah! You play as a culinary student and you can romance the good Colonel himself.”

“No… that’s… That’s all kinds of wrong.” I rested my forehead on my hand.

“Why?”

“Because… Colonel Sanders was an actual human who really existed I’m not… I’m not going to smog a virtual anime-ish drawing of a real person that’s just… No.”

“Come on! Just try this one. You get to go to culinary school, you’ll finally get to eat some different foods.”

I looked back at the Steam page for the game. The Anime Colonel was reaching up and adjusting his glasses.

“There’ll probably be fried chicken…” Kyu nudged me. “I’ve never tried it, but I hear it’s good.”

I take back the mouse and clicked “Play Game” to start the download. “The minute it tries to bring it to a kiss with the guy, I am leaving.”

“Aww, come on. Don’t be a chicken!”

\--

Ha. Obvious jokes. I'm sorry.

Sorry to any HuniePop fans if I’ve completely butchered the character and mannerisms of Kyu in this. I have not played that game, I have only seen a few gameplay videos.

I kinda went off past the question of food gathering and went into trying to find people to talk to etc. Up the human need pyramid we go I guess.

I settled on Minecraft because it was the only game I could think of where acquiring food is not a cakewalk (like it might be in Animal Crossing- or Harvest Moon-likes) but neither is it a suicide mission to someone who doesn’t have Protagonist Powers. And then I remembered the KFC Dating Sim.

Thank you for the prompt and hope you enjoyed reading