"That'll be three silver, sir."

Huh? 

"...Sir? Three silver," repeated the pale, pointy-eared invader, in a decidedly less friendly tone.

Shoot. The invader wanted something, but the mimic hadn't quite gotten the hang of the weird mouth-noises yet. Admittedly, it should have paid more attention, but the taste and smell of the cooked meat distracted it completely. Disguised as an invader itself, the mimic had approached the meat-maker-fire-container-thing after seeing the pointy-eared invader give two sizzling pieces of meat to a round-ear invader, and a small, soft-looking, bite-size invader, but hadn't seen what exactly the two invaders had done to receive the meat.

"Sir, I'm going to have to ask you to pay for what you've eaten or I'm calling the guard."

Crap. It knew that tone. That was the tone invaders made just before they started using hurty-magic. It needed to do what the invader wanted, and fast. What could an invader want it to do in exchange for tasty meat? Defend it's lair? Scour its tunnels? Pick the lice from its scales?... Wait! It *did* know something invaders always wanted. Maybe it could give it *that*, and it would be happy?

The mimic's internal organs cramped a bit, gurgled, contorted, and then with a slightly squelchy sound, deposited gold coins into one of the many pouches in the mimic's fake invader skin. It pulled a handful of golden coins from the pouch and dropped them into the hands of the pointy-ear.

"Take" blurted the mimic, saying one of the few words it knew.

"I-I-I t-thank you sir!" said the pointy-ear, in a much nicer tone. "H-here! Take some for the road. I-I look forward to your further patronage!"


As it walked away down the streets and alleys, chewing on its meat, it couldn't believe how much of a genius it was for figuring out how to trick the pointy-ear. An utter, utter genius. It almost felt bad for the stupid invaders, but it wasn't about to argue with a good thing. Especially not when it walked down the road with another two sticks of piping-hot delicious meat. Imagine. Trading away delicious delicious meat for bits of poop.

"Hold it there, *friend*," said a decidedly unfriendly voice.

AAAHHH! A classic stabby-stab invader found it and jumped out of a side alley! Its disguise was blown! The stabby-stab's group was gonna attack it and then it would kill some and then some of the invaders would get away and call for other invaders in the middle of an invader nest and then the mimic would be overwhelmed and then it would get stabbed and bashed and zapped and then it would die and and and and and...

And nothing had happened yet?

"Mind sharing some of that good fortune with little old me," asked the stabby-stab, brandishing its stabber in one hand.

The mimic looked to the left.

It looked to the right.

No zappy-zap. No yelly-bashy. Not even a bite-size stabber. They were alone in the alley.

"Com'on, Moneybags. I ain't got all day," threatened the stabby-stab.

'Huh', thought the mimic.

Dessert.