**AITA for being offended I wasn't invited to a Christening and Cursing the baby?**  


AITA I (Immortal F) am Queen of the Dark Fae and as such, it is customary that I would be invited to any important state function where fae are invited. A local mortal kingdom recently announced the birth of a daughter and invited everyone to her Christening, including three fairies of the Light Fae Court. Now, I would have understood if no fae were invited, but they specifically invited not one but THREE fairies from the Light Court. Inviting them and not me is picking sides among the fairy court, which they had no business doing, and is insulting.

I understand new parents have a lot on their minds and I did not want to make a scene. However, I couldn't just let this slide. It would be like publically declaring you can insult me and my Court. So I went to the Christening and I politely gave everyone involved an out saying my invitation must have been lost.

If they had simply apologized and said of course I was welcome, walked back their mistake while saving face, there wouldn't have been a problem. I would have given their daughter the greatest gift. But no, they couldn't just realize their mistake and walk it back. They knew I was insulted and should have been invited. I gave them an out, but they doubled down.

One of the Light fae said, rudely, in front of EVERYONE that I wasn't invited. I was publicly humiliated in front of mortals and immortals alike... Etiquette is very important among my people, and it was rude not to invite me and doubly insulting to not reconsider and publicly state I was not wanted there.

This isn't personal, this is a matter of insulting a ruling monarch of fairy and taking sides among the fae courts. I couldn't just let that stand and leave. They had to be tough a lesson so I cursed their baby.

She's fine. I didn't hurt her. All I did was say she will prick her finger on a spinning wheel when she turns 16 and will sleep until true love's kiss wakes her. That won't hurt her. Sleeping, unaging, and waking when the perfect person puts the effort into waking her. I'll also put some thorns around the castle, and make it a challenge, that way her future beloved will really have to prove himself and it has to be true love. That's better than being put into an arranged marriage, right?

Besides, it's not about punishing the baby. Again, she will be fine. The King and Queen on the other hand. They're going to overreact and get rid of all their spinning wheels and ruin their economy and the people's ability to get clothes and everyone will be miserable and that will teach them a lesson.

But does trying to get back at them make me the asshole? I had to do something. They had to learn that they can't just insult the Queen of the Dark Fae. All things considered, I think what I did was fairly measured. I didn't declare war or send a plague or anything.