“You have to choose carefully.”

Flyer thought about that lesson with his mother when she first took him out to practice choosing a host. Their species, the Arzers, were only as strong as their hosts because to replace a human (or any living creature larger than a squirrel), they had to end the lives of their targets themselves.

It meant that “choosing carefully” consisted of picking on the weak, the sick, the old, or the near dying. Flyer wanted more, he wanted strength. His current body was that of a young crow. It was a lucky find to the Arzers. A crow was considered somewhere between above average to excellent. The Arzers described themselves as opportunistic, watchful. The ones who knew about them described them as parasites, the leeches of society who did nothing more than disrespect the living.

Flyer had been watching this group for many days now. The group was an even split of men and women - a standard party of a healer, a marksman, two warriors, and two mages. One of the warriors, Bash, was difficult to ignore. He was loud, loud enough that Flyer initially found the group because of his incessant laughing.

“Robin, who the fuck was your master? A dead fucking dog?” he said and then laughed uproariously even though the joke was hardly one at all.

“I’m carrying your sorry asses so hard,” Bash said. He pointed at his dark shield. “If I wasn’t here to save you dumbasses, we’d all be dead. So keep your fucking eyes on me and heal me if anything so much as looks at me.”

The healer, Robin, looked at his feet with his head down.

“Okay, Bash.” he said. “I’m sorry, I’ll try harder next time.”

“You bet your dogshit ass you will.” Bash said. He walked up to Robin and punched him hard in the chest. He crumpled to the floor and the other members of the party came up to console him.

What an absolutely unpleasant human being, Flyer thought. To his credit, Bash was pivotal to the group. In every fight that Flyer had witnessed, Bash was the anchor of the defense. His biggest strength was his ability to adapt and recognize when a fight’s tone was about to shift. When an enemy would have a special attack ready, if they were feeling tired, if they were feeling reckless. Bash was in tune with all of that. He was graceful in combat even if he was a complete asshole to his party members.

Flyer knew his plan would require both precision and patience. He needed to follow the group, to watch their fights so that he too could understand the flow of combat. Unfortunately for Flyer, the perfect opportunity arose when the group had reached a merchant village. Bash, as a reward to himself, visited a healthy percentage of the village's pubs. Flyer knew that this was going to be his best opportunity.

He flew out to grab a beakful of Angel’s Wish, a local anesthetic plant whose roots were deadly if consumed. Flyer waited, he waited for hours for Bash to find a hostel to sleep in. Bash ended up passing out near a local road outside of the village where the rest of the group had decided to camp in. The root was too big for the drunken Bash to consume on his own so Flyer cut the roots with his talon and fed the pieces to him. He watched as Bash’s breathing began to quicken. When Bash started convulsing, Flyer flew straight up into the night clouds.

And like a hawk, Flyer let gravity take him to Bash.

Flyer opened his eyes and looked at his hands, his human hands. It took him a few minutes to get up and he had to practice walking. The body motions started coming to him more naturally throughout the night and when dawn came, he felt ready to see his party. When he found them, they were sitting around a morning fire, talking in hushed voices. They shot nervous glances towards Flyer, as one of Bash’s favorite activities was to belittle the group after a night of drinking.

“Good morning, friends.” Flyer said to the group.

The group looked at each other.

“Friends? You alright, dude?” Carie, the group’s fire mage, asked.

“I feel incredible. But, may I ask for some stew? I would love nothing more after a night of drinking.” Flyer said.

“You’re fucking with us, right?” Carie asked again.

“Absolutely not.” Flyer said.

They poured him a bowl and after they ate, they packed up their things to continue on in the world. Near sunset, the group came across a group of bandits. Nowhere near as strong as they were, but they realized now that Bash was gone. Robin knew that because the new Bash moved like a newborn deer. His legs shook and his shield moved slowly.

The group fought around him, they worked together because this new Bash never complained about the stray hits that found their way to him. This new Bash said thank you whenever Robin healed him. The new Bash apologized whenever he made a mistake.

After the fight, Flyer sat down and inspected the wounds on his body. He knew he did a bad job, but he felt incredible anyway. He had never felt so powerful in his life. Any number of the hits he took would have completely destroyed a normal Arzer.

“Thank you for helping me through that, everyone. I might be more hungover than I initially thought.” Flyer said.

Robin walked up to him and gave him a pat on the back.

“No problem, Bash.” he said. “You did good.”

The group continued forward - traveling to more villages, fighting more bandits, more monsters, and even raiding a few dungeons. The new Bash continued his streak of modesty and though he was nowhere near as graceful in combat as the old Bash, Flyer was learning steadily.

“Friends,” Flyer said. “I have something I’d like to ask all of you.”

“What is it?” Robin asked. The group looked up from their conversations and gave Flyer their undivided attention.

“I’d like to ask you all for your help.” Flyer said. The group nodded and gestured for him to continue.

Flyer took in a deep breath and again looked at his hands. They were callused, scarred, but strong. Flyer was strong now, undeniably strong. He had strength and he had companions. It was possible.

“I’d like to save the Arzers.”

---

[This is a repost of my story, it was fun re-reading it.](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/rzvomo/wp_a_group_of_adventurers_just_had_one_of_their/hrxz82b/?context=3)