Since the Great War of Gods to End All Gods started, our
faction party’s ideals have changed a bit. It quickly became clear that we would
have no way of beating of beating this unbeatable foe. I mean, what are bunch
of humans gonna do to someone that can literally suck your soul out and throw
it away into someone dark corner of the universe just by thinking about it? 

So instead of fighting, we’ve focused on dying. But not just
any dying, dying in the most ludicrous, memorable ways possible. With weapons cursed by the old ones that shake the very core of the planet. Being granted
incredible powers by demons from the darkest circles of hell that can only be
paid by untold horrors. And for one member, just looking at the angry God and
telling them to “suck it” before having their essence evaporated of existence. 

For these past few months everyone has been thinking about their
blaze of glory going out. I’ve stayed around longer than most, because my “glory”
involved something a little different. 

But finally, my time had come. The angry god has cornered me,
and with their devilish smirk began to raise their right hand to smite me. 

“Do you have any last pleas before your end?” they roared in
their mighty voice. 

“Can’t say I do, friend.” I sighed, raising my arms up.  

The angry God seemed to be taken aback by my calmness, hesitating
for a moment. “And... what? No weapons of doom? No monkey paws with untold power?
The members of your clan always have something. What is yours?

“None.” I said with a chuckle. “I’ve already done mine. I’d
actually appreciate it if you hurry, because any second they’ll-“

Suddenly, portals from every corner of the universe surrounded
us, and all kinds appeared from them: Goddesses, Titans, eldritch beings. And
they all looked furious at me.

“You bastard!” One of the Goddesses spoke up first. “You cheated
on all of us! Do you not know the bondage of flesh?!”

The angry God looked confused, before widening his eyes and
turning to me.

“You didn’t.” the angry God almost pleaded with me.

“I did.”

“How many of us carry your offspring?” one of the
eldritch abominations shouted through clicks of their tongues. "Were our nights of passion nothing to you?"

For the time in its thousand-year reign, the angry God looked
completely complexed. “H-how did you even-“

Before he could even finish the thought, another portal open
to reveal a army of Gods, all with pregnant stomachs. 

“Ah, yeah, he got you guys too?” Zues asked. 

From pure shock, the angry God collapsed on the floor, only
mustering a single word before he fell:

“Bruh.”

---
Check our r/HectorHoltz for some insane bullshit like this.