The entire galactic senate fell quiet upon meeting the ambassadors. 

The humans didn't look particularly remarkable, a bipedal species composed of mostly water, with no useful adaptations like telekinesis or energy manipulation. Having them join the Federation would just be a strain on their resources. 

One by one, the human ambassadors presented their cultural gifts, but nobody cared about what they had to offer. First they showed off their music, which to some species sounded like noise and to others felt like a declaration of war, then they presented their visual media, which somehow felt more insulting than the music given how violent and simple-minded it came across. 

Most of the senate made up their minds by that point. The humans simply weren't ready to join them. Their last ambassador hadn't given up, though. The senators humored him out of courtesy. A way to make sure these humans didn't complain about not being given a fair shot.

"Ladies and gen-" the human ambassador paused, "wait that's wrong. *People* of the galaxy, I humbly offer you one of the greatest inventions of our species. We call it: Pizza!"

A human assistant then wheeled out a large serving tray with a strange concoction atop of it. It looked like a gooey circle of melted protein covering some viscous red liquid, all served on a base of refined carbohydrates that was toasted until crunchy. 

In other words, it looked disgusting.

Everyone in the senate shared anxious glances. Nobody wanted to try it. 

The human ambassador didn't seem to register this, though. His eager face made it difficult to outright deny the meal. 

Etax, elected leader of the Federation, was forced to walk down from his podium and try it out, since nobody else seemed willing to do so. 

The senators couldn't believe what they saw. Etax had led them through several wars and had proven himself to be a decisive leader, and yet he had never shown this much hesitance in his life. They all grew worried for him. What if it was poisonous? What if this was all a thinly veiled attack on them? Would they have to conquer Earth in retaliation?

Etax picked up a slice of the 'pizza'. 

The human ambassador leaned forward in anticipation.

Etax couldn't stop his hand from shaking. He had to close his six eyes in order to take a bite.

Most of the senators had to look away. They couldn't bear to watch their leader suffer this humiliation. The next few seconds of silence weighed on them for what felt like an eternity.

"Well?" asked the human ambassador.

Etax swallowed down the food and widened all his eyes. Everyone quickly feared the worst, until hearing him say:

"IT'S AMAZING!"

The human ambassador merely chuckled. "I know, right?"

Etax went on to gorge on the entire serving tray. 

The senators remained quiet as their leader feasted on the food. They all grew curious as to what made it so special and decided to try it out for themselves. 

What followed would forever change the galactic community. They loved it. Unfortunately, the human ambassador hadn't brought enough for everyone, which quickly turned the situation more dangerous than expected. Many senators started fighting one another for the right to try out the pizza.

Etax had to bring order back to the hearing, but people didn't want to listen. It escalated so out of control that several planets were ready to go to war with each other just to have access to the delicacy. 

Cooler heads eventually prevailed, though. The senators soon realized that going to war would only make the pizza harder to obtain. Humanity was then welcomed into the Federation with open arms. It had been a long time since a species was celebrated this much throughout the galaxy. To everyone's surprise, the humans didn't keep their recipes secret. They actually shared them with the galactic community. 

The reason for this quickly became apparent. Nobody else in the galaxy could make them better. If anything, the Earthlings were excited to see what new ingredients they could use to make their pizzas even tastier. In the aftermath of this hearing, Etax visited the human ambassador in his private chambers, hoping to apologize for his previous skepticism. 

"It's alright," said the ambassador, "Most humans have a low opinion of humanity. I expected the same from aliens."

"Really?" said Etax, astonished. "You... expected this?"

"W-well, not to this extent, but yeah. Humans have warred with each other for millennia. We've fought over so many differences, some justified and others not, that we basically treat each other like aliens. And yet, despite our variety of cultures, we all mostly agree that a good meal is something to be cherished. You'd be amazed at how many grudges can be settled after breaking bread." 

"I still don't get it," said Etax. "You could've had a monopoly on food and you're giving it away. Even if you're better at it than most, you're still losing a big advantage."

The human shook his head. "You're wrong. A good cook will always say the same thing: the best part about making a meal is seeing others enjoy it. That's what drove us to make it that good in the first place. Besides, do you think pizza is all we have to offer?"

Etax squinted. "It's not?"

The human couldn’t help but laugh. "No, no, good sir. Next time you visit Earth, remind me to show you what we call... hamburgers."

--------

&gt;If you enjoyed this, check out my other stories over at /r/WeirdEmoKidStories. Thanks for reading!