I sat for a long time in the shower. There was no water coming out, I can't really be under running water anyway. I stared in the mirror while I brushed my fangs, looking dead into the googly eyes I had taped onto the looking glass for when I wanted to look at myself. The plastic domes cracked and yellowed with age, like my own eyes surely had become since that night.

It had been 49 years, 7 monthes, and 6 days since Roy had told me I wasn't special. It haunted me. I remember it clearly, laying awake all day in my coffin I think about it. Thinking always about my defeat. How he had hurt me. I wasn't special. A common caution of the night. A pest in his eyes, and those were the eyes looking back at me when I stared in the empty mirror. I was still processing his words, reliving them.

Sometimes I watch him at night. He's older now; almost 78. How time had witherd him just as his words had witherd me. He was perfect in my memory, still the sharp young man who had stopped me in my tracks with his wit. Perhaps it would always be that way, that summer night when I had thretned him. I had hunted him, smelled his aroma of adrenaline. And he had said those words I still had no answer too. No rebuff, rebuke, or comeback. Fixed in my mind more than any moment of the life I had lived centuries ago.

As I watch him feed the birds at the park, from sundown to 8:30 when he walked home. He had no more fear of the night than he had of me. The night feared Roy; I feared myself and the day when I finally confronted him about what he had done to me. But no matter how many times I ran through it in my head I never knew what I could say. How to pay him back for half a century of anguish.

I turned, to walk the dusky night and find prey. To find succour to prolong my tortured half existance. Half taken by my blood curse, the other half tainted by his verbal barb. But just then I heard something, my pale poited ear heard a murmer in Roy's chest. An aortic aneurysm? No, a heart attack! The old man collapsed on the path, sending his faithfull well-fed flock scattering into the twilight sky. I came to his side, this would be the last moment, my last chance for closure before his eternal silence!

I held him as he clutched his chest "Roy, Roy it's okay! Look at me. I forgive you, I forgive myself" I was crying for the first time in a hundred years. Smiling for the first time in fifty. This was it, peace, for both of us now. As he looked up at me I saw recognition, he rememberd me. Had he ever wonderd about his encounter? Wonderd what he could have done differently? Did he know how he had given me my humanity back, had made me flawed as a man, suffer as only a mortal can. Had I made such a mark on him? I held him closer as his lips moved their last.

And Roy said with his last breath "See? Even I can kill me" then his heart arrested in his chest, and he went strangely limp. he got the last word again, he had peace now and I had nothing. But at that moment I had a brainwave, the perfect comeback! I finally had the words I yearned for and he wasn't here to hear them. With the utmost reverance I leaned over his body as I had with so many of my victims "Fuck you" I whisperd, feeling sweet closure clense my soul "Fuck you. Fucking Roy, you fucking fuck! Fuck you and the fuck you rode in on. You mother fucking fuckass motherfucker. Have your fuck and fuck it too. You great big fucking fuck of a man!" nailed it.