The Bug Girl  
Perspective 1: Girl's Morning

There's this proverb "Misfortunes never come singly". I would like to add that strange things also do. It was just yesterday that I met a mysterious pizza delivery girl.

Today that even escalated. I woke up only to find that I'm not in my room and even the body isn't mine. I didn't have this disturbingly long hair, extra weight on my chest and smooth skin with slim hands. 

Right now, I'm in a girl's body.

I stand up carefully and go straight to the bathroom to get the answer of my first question. Who is this person? I stand in front of the mirror and see the face of a quiet girl who always sit at the front of the class room everyday apparently without any friends. But, if I remember correctly, I didn't see her in the class yesterday. 

Through some difficulties, I finish morning things and pick up the smartphone on the table. As soon as I see the screen, I'm thrown into the puzzles again. There's no one who would set the wrong date on their phone. 

Then I'm also repeating yesterday. 

The situation is so crazy that I have lost count of the times I scratch my head. My head is filled with the words how's and why's without reaching any conclusions. The information is simply not enough. I have to find. But where should I search for? Calm down, me ! I breathe in and breathe out heavily. Even with no information, I can make assumptions and get temporary answer. I will act based on that and from there, I will collect the facts, correct my assumptions and reach the real answer. Yes, that sounds good. 

So, the first question: How did this happen?

She and I must have had some contact yesterday that I can't recall absolutely. And now, she's inside of me.

The second: How to revert this?  
Answer: Double Negative. 

Assuming the first question is legitimate, I will do that "contact" again with her to cancel out the effect. And start the tomorrow gracefully with my healthy younger brother. It's the good thing I'm repeating the day as I won't lose a day in side this body. And if it's actually yesterday, then almost all thing will happen exactly how they happened. The only uncertainties are her and me. 

The third: Why our bodies swap?  
No clue. 

The fourth: Why the time also loop?  
No clue on this one too. 

So it's clear now what I can do. I will meet up with her and discuss this thing. I tap her phone screen and swipe up only to find it's locked with PIN.  
"F***" the word slips through my mouth.  
I try some simple numbers and they all end up with failure. It must be some birthday date or memorable number, but I have no such time for it. Because it's already nine o'clock. There is the lecture at my university that she missed previous time so I believe she will grab this chance. Besides, doing so would allow us to meet up causally without anyone finding anything suspicious.

I open the wardrobe only to see two dresses. And one even have blue star-shaped drawing on the side around the waist ! What's that supposed to be? Guess I have no choice. I put on the other dress quickly and grab the bag that seems to be her school bag. I start sprinting to the university. 

It's about the half way after crossing a crosswalk when I bump into someone in a narrow alley that is shortcut only I know to university. "I'm sorry" that is what I think he says. I don't look back and continue to run. All are okay if nothing happened. 

Wait, yesterday around this time, wasn't I bump into a girl in that same alley and apologize? What if that was me instead of her? Is it still simply a body swap? If that was actually yesterday me, he won't meet this girl anymore. And I will be transferred to this body again. What if I change that past? Maybe I can return to my own body. Even if it's not the case, something will definitely be changed. I run back there. I find him waiting for the green light to cross the road at the other end of alley. When I prepare to run after him, I feel a firm grip on my wrist. I see a man with loosened necktie sweating a lot and breathing heavily as if there isn't enough oxygen in the air.

"Don't go" he says slowly.  
"Don't go after him, you will only die"  
What nonsense is this person speaking?  
"I'm in a hurry, sorry". 
I struggle to push him down but I'm overwhelmed by his strength.  
"You can meet him later, you have plenty of time !"  
There is plenty of time but the fact that I didn't meet her anymore yesterday bothers me.

At that time, someone with white curtain-like cloak and black hat dressing like a magician or something appears and put their hand on the man's shoulder and whisper something to him that causes the strength of his hand on my wrist loosen. It's the opening! I remove his hand then dash towards the crosswalk without looking back as that latter one also looks like a weirdo. By that time, he is already on the other side of the road. The green light start to blink but if I run I can pass through it. I cross the road running. 

I hear the car honk, I see the truck running towards me at full speed, I feel a sharp pain and my vision turns black. 

MORE: If you like, please see Perspective 2 in the reply.

NOTE: I'm absolutely sorry for my terrible english and writing skill. Thanks for giving your time to read. Thanks for the prompt!