Skill, the trademark of any powerful caster. I thought to myself. Time dragged on during the first sunny day of June. Graduation would come and with it the finalization of our powers. By then we’d be pledged casters. Still, despite the obvious importance of wielding ability and skill. Others chose to rave endlessly about how inherently powerful or unstoppable their inherent powers made them. They all liked to focus solely on what they were born with. It was hard to blame them when they topped the ranks in casting grades and popularity as casters. But to me, that didn’t matter. I knew I would defeat them, I knew I could win, given the exploitation of my unique power.

The training grounds, bricked with gray finish and rocky exterior. Gray gothic architecture and large clocks. In the middle of all this surrounded by the buildings there was a ginormous and vast square, it was divided into multiple indented smaller squares, imprinted into the ground below surface level. There was more to be explained, but to sum it up the four concave squares in the ground represented training grounds for the four main types of casters. Tanks, healers, destroyers and sorcerers. Technically we were all sorcerers but they in specific had wands and hats to exaggerate their traits. 

I like many didn’t fall specifically into any of these categories, my power was different, I could cast spells, I could toughen my skin, I could even heal a small fraction of someone’s health. But ultimately my power didn’t accentuate any of these traits past a severely amateur level. So to categorize it, you would have to focus on its abnormal ability. I could never run out of stamina, and when I rolled my physical body disappeared from any tangible world, disappearing into that of the astral world. This on its own didn’t add much to my efficiency in battle, especially because my damage was at most mediocre, if I wanted to win a fight I would chip slowly away at the opponents health bar. To others it was the opposite, if they could land one or two hits they would win. But combined with accurate prediction of when enemies might attack, and timely reactions, I believe I can win. 

Jumping from side to side in and out poofing through the lines between worlds. I stretched the limits of my focus. Stamina was one thing, focus was another. If I couldn’t focus hard enough and I got caught gazing at the sky, my ability would dissipate and in a matching fashion I would be eliminated. 

I stood in the destroyers training section. There you would find a large cylinder raised from the ground with giant bullseye circles stuck to the sides. Alongside its accuracy based theme it had whips strung out from the sides and from just about any interval in surface area. Other casters watched from afar dodging only occasionally, when the longer whips reached far enough to the sides and nicked their limbs. They only attacked when the device broke its onslaught and became unresponsive for a few short moments to recharge its energy. I however went as close as I could possibly go without being whipped by the giant ropes side to side similar to a baby in a bouncy house. At the middle of the whips between the farthest they strayed and the place they attached to the contraption I trained. I abruptly disappeared when the screeching of the whips became loud and then again and again and again. I looked ahead, determined to win. Rapidly teleporting closer and closer, until suddenly. 

“Hey idiot, stop pretending you’re cool, give up!” 

My focus wavered, my eyes shifted to the side pleadingly and then, Crack! A whip shot into my chest hurling me sideways and slamming me against the rooms gray brick wall. I got up slowly wheezing and panting, FUCK! I thought. My head filled with red smoke. And with my eyes painted in rage I looked back at who caused the disturbance… Tracy, this idiot wasn’t like the others, he was even more egotistical and self absorbed, so much so that he let everyone else know just how much of douchebag he was, daily. 

He looked at me and laughed like nothing could go wrong and then yelled, “that’s how easy it is to lose! I’m just saying.” 

That one hurt, not because I had been broken down or something like that. But because it was true, he had named and proven my one weakness well exploiting it easily… Damn it.

Part 1 end