I, honestly, thought it was pretty funny. Take a bunch of monkeys, set up typewriters, food and water supplies for them, and put it all in one room, then leave it be for a while. As long as they didn’t go feral and start murdering each-other, maybe I’d end with a copy of Hamlet. Ha! As if.

But that’s off topic. The mass of tendrils and black, pulsating goo that dwarfed me, and barely managed to keep itself contained to my living quarters, was nowhere near as amused. 

‘I do hope you know just what it is you have accomplished, mortal.’


It spoke in a silky voice that bypassed my ears and communicated with my soul, shaking my very being. I struggled to find a response, backing away from the many-eyed deity, tripping over my own feet. Of course, it just slid across my floor frictionless-ly to pursue.

“I. I do not, sir. Could you please enlighten me? Not in the Buddha-sort of a way—like, why you’re…here, sort of way”.

It stared for a couple of moments, before suddenly lashing out a tendril to scoop me up, ensnaring me by my waist and dragging itself close.

‘Those primates that you have foolishly unleashed upon this world in droves have learnt what no mortal is meant to;….they have discovered my secrets. My *power*. How?’

“They-what? The monkeys i’ve…the chimps in my basement?”

‘What else could I be speaking of, *boy*? Now, explain? Unless you’d rather I devour your soul, and find answers that way…’

Wow. Getting my soul eaten did not sound nice! But something told me this entity would not be satisfied with the truth. Nonetheless…

“I don’t know. I left them there with typewriters for a while, and somehow, through fate, or chance, or *something*-they whipped up some magical shit involving you.”

‘…….’

500 maws of razor-sharp teeth opened up, each with a dozen layers to flay my skin with. A childish, terror-filled scream escaped my throat as I began to thrash, pleading.

“No-no-no-NONONONONO-WAIT! ITS THE TRUTH! STOP THIS!”

Purposely dragging my slowly to my demise, my heart beat like it would explode in my chest, bullets of sweat shooting down my body as the chill of death gripped me. But just before my doom could come—

**SHUNK.**

A golden spear skewered through the tentacle holding me hostage, severing it in a singular motion and freeing me. Starry black fluid escaped from the wounded creature as it shifted back to a many-eyed form, glaring at the intruder. A six-armed, three-headed humanoid stared back, two faces focused on it, while the closest locked eyes with me.

“You shall not die here, human. Not yet. For the Asura seek answers of your knowledge…and how you had devised new plans to destroy the Deva.” 

“I had what?”