# VI | [Read from I](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/v1fq6x/wp_as_a_joke_the_gods_decided_to_reverse_the/iaoubt6/)

Aside from Adrianna, Cassidy Quinn was Shizuka's only real friend.

He'd been at the Academy longer than almost any of the other students.  Long enough to have been here when she'd first arrived, a girl barely more than twelve, far from home and clearly a foreigner, trying to conceal her own fright and lashing out at other students who'd taken undue interest in her -- which meant any interest at all beyond a passing glance.  It hadn't helped that her grasp of the language had proven less complete than she'd thought, when she'd studied it in her homeland.  If she'd become an outcast, she had to admit that some of that was her own fault.

If only the bastards had ever let it go.

But there was Cassidy.  She'd met him in her adopted refuge, the library of literature and philosophy.  Unlike the much larger library of magical arts, very few went there -- other than the librarians, of course, but they were happy enough to let her be.  For a few days, it had been a place she could get away, sit in solitude, and read.

Cassidy had had the same idea.  The first time she'd entered the library to find him sitting in a corner nook and reading, she'd frozen in place.  And not in trepidation.  He'd been a small and scrawny boy, the furthest thing from dangerous, with too-large clothes and unkempt hair.  Unkempt golden hair, the Eastlander shade that so fascinated her.  Wide, startled eyes -- bright purple eyes -- when he'd looked up at her.  He'd resembled a frightened rabbit, just for a moment.  And then he'd smiled and beckoned her over.

They hadn't spoken much that day, beyond an exchange of names.  Nor the next day.  He'd seemed comfortable just sitting there, reading natural philosophy while she painstakingly worked her way through the least challenging works of literature she could find.  Eventually, he'd made a recommendation.  She'd asked him to explain a passage.  They'd spoken some more.  Some time later, she'd realized she'd begun to think of him as a friend.  She'd thought he must have an affinity for compassion, or reassurance, or something of the sort.

So it was her and Cassidy and, eventually, her roommate Adrianna.  The three misfits.  Plus Cassidy's current girlfriend, she supposed.  Over the years, he'd blossomed; now, he was no longer a misfit, really.  He was nearly as tall as she was (and she was so uncommonly tall that she feared she'd be taken for *oni*-blooded, if she ever returned to Shirigekuro).  He was slim, but no one would call him scrawny -- he got adjectives like "lithe" and "willowy" instead.  He'd developed a pale, androgynous, almost-ethereal beauty, too, and worse, he knew it.  He seemed to have a different girl (and, once, a boy) every couple of weeks.

If she hadn't already liked him so much, she might have hated him.

----

Cassidy frowned in thought while those purple eyes bored into her.  "Are you sure it wouldn't be better to wait?"

Shizuka sighed.  "No.  Shapeshifting isn't one of the magics I've developed.  Adrianna's been stuck in my form ever since the calamity, though, and I think it's really starting to get to her.  I've never seen her hold one form for so long before."

"You have," he pointed out.  "Her own."

Tilting her head, she waved that away.  "Other than her own.  And yes, it's starting to get to me too.  It's creepy enough to see an envy witch take your shape, but living with one for weeks like that?"

"I see your point, but you should talk to her about it."

"I'm not going to just *change* her!  I just don't want to bring it up before I know if it's possible.  I wouldn't want..."

"To get her hopes up?"  Cassidy nodded.  "Okay.  So, without an envy master witch, that leaves a few options.  Imbued items weren't affected by the calamity, so we could try to get her a transformation item.  But that's probably too expensive to be practical."  He paused, looking to her for confirmation.

Shizuka had brought a good amount of gold and silver with her to the Academy, but years of schooling and a paucity of options for reliably obtaining money had whittled that down.  An imbued brooch or cloak was well beyond her means now, even if one were available, and she regretfully shook her head.

"A transformation elixir, then?"

"That, I could afford," she said.  "But that would be single-use, and it would wear off.  Plus, you never know how long an elixir is going to last.  If I need to, I'll buy one for her, but it's not a real solution."

He nodded.  "You could put the word out and try to hire an envy witch to transform her."

"If any of them has re-mastered their magic."  She grimaced.  "It's worth a try, if nothing else works."

"What else is there?"

She met his gaze for a moment before her eyes darted away.  "I was hoping you could."

"What?  I don't--"

"Cass."  She cut him off, speaking quickly, before she lost the nerve.  "I know about your affinities.  Can you help?"

He looked at her, then turned away, seeming to deflate as he did.  "How?" he asked quietly.

"We've been friends for a long time, Cass, and I'm not completely stupid."  She ventured a fragile smile.  "I understand why you've presented yourself as a lightning and metal wizard, but I know about your other one."

"You can't possibly understand."

She flinched from the pain she heard and reflexively offered a defense.  "I've torn almost two dozen holes into my own essence."  A beat, before she continued more softly, "I'm sorry.  I didn't plan to bring it up, ever, but... I'm worried about her."

It surprised her when he laughed.  A strained, half-broken sound, but a laugh, at least.  "A rare day when Shizuka Kitsuki apologizes.  Well, for the Academy's heroine..."

"Thank you."

He took a deep breath, then slowly let it out.  Seconds ticked past in silence.  "I don't know that I can help," he said at last.  "But what are friends for?"

----

[Next Chapter](https://www.reddit.com/r/WritingPrompts/comments/v84iiq/sp_trust_no_one_especially_not_yourself/ibpd5z9/)