Verrick stood across from the wight, sword glimmering with numinous golden light that appeared to spill out from the deep fuller down the centre of the consecrated blade. He was panting heavily, though not from exhaustion, as he had only moments ago dismounted from his caparisoned charger, shocked into silence by the carnage he beheld. Amid the burning cottages and the acrid smell of burnt human flesh hanging greasy in the air was a pile of bodies - not the heathen peasantry that the Order of the Starling had been dispatched to remove from the countryside, but the armourbound brothers of the selfsame battalion, mired in their own blood and guts in a macabre bier of martyrs. As the flames flickered off their gore-spattered silver armour, so too did it bathe in lambent orange the gilded cuirass of a revenant, hunched over in a grotesque mockery of a human stance, rotting flesh curled around a similarly ensorcelled sword, its light a corrupted, foetid green.

Verrick drew a deep breath, shaky, still, but laden with intention. He spit back the rank air of the devasted hamlet charged with divine purpose, reciting a Litany against the Void. The words fell like hammerblows, reverberating for only seconds too many, carrying just yards further than they had any right too. He felt the Litany's purpose grow within him, and the light from his sword grew brighter, coruscating with divine energy, spreading down his sword arm and into his chest - as though dipped into a bath of warm honey and spices. As if in response, the putrid aura of the revenant paladin shrank back, and the abomination drew itself upright, revealing a helmetless face clad only partially in flesh, empty eye sockets burning with a roiling green energy that seemed to bore straight through Verrick. He shuddered, despite himself, the Litany faltering almost imperceptibly.

From behind the wight, a soft moan seemed to issue, like that of a mewling whelp of man or dog. Verrick's eyes immediately darted to look into the interior of the damaged shack behind the revenant, only now realising it was almost completed untouched, unlike every other dwelling. At the same time, he noticed, once more overdue, that the corpse impaled upon the threshold - run through the head, heart, and hind by a Starling spear - bore the scarry tattoos of a hedge-wizard: A necromancer, to be precise.

*This makes no sense,* thought Verrick to himself, even as he recited the seventh verse of the Litany. *The necromancer is dead. How could his vassalized corpse remain in the Sea when he himself has returned to the Void?*

The answer was obvious - there had to be another necromancer - but who on earth could that be? Wild magic, like that of necromancers, was anathema to the divine, and by extension to mortal men. The odds of their being a second necromancer in this rather small settlement of exiles and heretics were effectively nil. And yet a revenant paladin of the Order of the Starling stood before him, unnaturally still but seemingly taught with purpose, silently daring him to investigate the hovel - and to that end, cross swords.

The bile rose in Verrick's throat as he pondered the monstrous form before him. The gilded armour was that of a High Prelate, and the wings at his back marked him out as a candidate for the Martial Bishopry. The unknown necromancer had picked his target rather fortuitously, as a paladin of such rank and skill was undoubtedly a ferocious warrior, and an undisputed master of both Litany and Deurgy. Yet this knowledge frightened Verrick less than the thought of the necromantic skill required to rend such a righteous soul from the Void, to bind such a disciplined mind - steeped in divine magic - with the manacles of wild magic. Even if he were able to cut down the revenant, Verrick was unsure  he could best a necromancer of such raw power.

Nevertheless, it was his obligation to discharge the duty he had been entrusted with by the Lowly Nave herself. He brought his sword to eye level, reinforcing his stance with his off hand lower on the grip. It was not a standard battle form, and he was surprised and terrified to see the revenant not only perform the ritual salute for a paladin's duel, but also adopt a counterstance with the sword in its backhand, forehand outstretched in a taunting gesture.

Verrick's recitation choked to a stuttering halt. The strength endowed by the Litany remained, but the foul aura of the undead knight surged again, flooding into Verrick's armour with the prickling chill of the naked Void.

"Name yourself, sir knight," ordered Verrick, more confidently than he felt. "So I may know whose soul I should mourn when I unmake you."

There was no answer from the revenant, though the half-skeletal jaw unset itself to hang eerily from the puckered flesh of the face. Wild magic burns had contorted what little muscle remained into a curdled mess, so it was unlikely the ogre could have spoken even if it had retained the will to do so.

A brief moment of silence passed. Verrick took a cautious step forward, angling his body to keep the sword between him and his opponent. The dead paladin glared back with undirected animosity, wild magic sputtering in his eyes as he subtly shifted his position to interpose himself between Verrick and the threshold. It was clear that the wight's purpose was to hold the line, and that line was likely where the door used to be. It would not be easy to enter the dwelling without engaging in-

Head-on combat! Verrick sprang forward and swung down in a single motion, bringing his blade down to meet the revenant's with a sibilant crash of enchanted steel on enchanted steel. Already he had pulled his arms back, stepping back as he cut forward in an arc, left hand loosing its grip on the sword as he swung through, preparing a bolt of golden energy in his palm. The revenant was no slower on the draw, and his sword had already curved downward from its guard and towards Verrick's exposed foreleg, forcing the Starling knight to abandon his Deurgy in favour of an attempt to trap the green blade under his armoured foot.

The two exchanged blows slowly but methodically, every thrust met and matched with guard and cut. The revenant made no attempt to cast any wild magic, which Verrick attributed to the conflicting natures of the divinely-touched soul and the Void-forged essence of the undead flesh. However, the wight was also disturbingly good at countering Verrick's own Deurgy, with even the first hand motions of a divine hex immediately countered with pressuring swordplay that all but obviated any magic. The dead paladin was a frighteningly competent fighter, even accounting for his rank, and while Verrick remained strengthened from his recitation of a Litany, he knew he could not altogether overcome the monster.

Sensing a rare opportunity, the paladin kicked away his dead brother's sword and leapt back, with the revenant forgoing the traditional riposte in favour of remaining transfixed for a moment, only to return to an upright position, sword unnervingly still in its skeletal grasp.

"Who are you?!" demanded Verrick, which much less composure this time. "Tell me, my brother, who are you?"

A low groan arose from the revenant's... cuirass? Verrick glanced down in bewilderment, only for his brow to unfurrow as clarity emerged. The sound was from ribs rubbing against each other in demented facsimile of human speech - gut against bone, instead of tongue against teeth. Biting back an urge to vomit, he lowered his sword slightly, almost imperceptibly, though he knew the revenant would notice.

The groaning grew louder, more grating, and the revenant slowly reached under its gorget, drawing forth a glittering gold chain on which hung a tiny locket - barely a fingerwidth in length, and narrower by half. Verrick's blood ran cold, even with the warmth of the Litany. Every knight wore a locket containing a scroll, and while the scroll contained most of the information about that knight, the locket itself was traditionally engraved with crests and markings identifying the knights origin. In this case, the undead knight seemed to have been ordained in the year 534 in the distant mountain priory in Rigeryon, in the north - a fact that would have been less consequential if Verrick had not himself been ordained from exactly the same flock.

"Brother?" This time, Verrick's tone was more pleading, as if beseeching information the wight seemed unable to give. "It's me, Verrick. Do you remember? We grew up together, in the priory, we must have!"

The groaning grew louder.

"You must remember me, brother! We would have played by the creek in the woods, sheared the ewes by Elder Pitreus' hut! Please-"

The groaning had become louder, sounding less like human speech and more like a howling wind. The revenant had begun to move, shivering ever so slightly in place.

Verrick's voice was thick with unshed tears. "Meherk?"

The howl of bones grew louder.

"Ebedias?"

The howl of bones grew louder.

Tears were streaming down Verrick's face now, and he made no attempt to hold his sword at the ready. "Please." He whispered, less to the twisted memory of the man before him, and more to something ineffable. "Please."

"Y-Yurii?"

The clash of bones against rotting flesh had become a keening, and amplified within the gilded cuirass of a dead paladin it was unbearably loud. It roared discordantly across the destroyed village, occupied by three souls, two living and one bound. It was at once cacophonous, spine-tingling in its alien unearthliness, and heart-rendingly familiar.

----------------------------------------------------------
*^read ^more ^from ^/u/OishikR ^at ^/r/TheTerminus.*