“MANDYQUICKLETSPLAYTHEGAME!”

The little girl stops halfway through the door, and when she turns to Stella her eyes are shut tight. If Mandy was a color she’d be sunflower yellow, the shade of the romper that she wears. There’s no flower in her hair today. Stella thinks that this should be a crime.

Mandy is five years old. She’s Stella’s boyfriend’s niece, the most trusting little girl that Stella has ever met. Stella thinks that lying to a girl like that might make her a monster, if she weren’t one already. What else do you call a fully transformed werewolf posing in a human bed?

Eyes closed or not, Stella pulls the covers up to her chin. The little girl giggles as she walks, hands blindly stretched in front of her, into the bedroom.

“Where are you?” Mandy asks.

“*The moon,*” Stella says playfully.

That stops her. “Woah! The moon?”

The game is simple. An adult says something completely ridiculous, and the child buys right in. It comes complete (no purchase necessary) with secret smiles and painlessly handcrafted worlds—handcrafted because Mandy decided just last week that she mustn’t see them—and at the end there’s a treat. There’s always a treat. Little girls, Stella thinks, are a lot like little pups, and maybe better. There’s so much less biting.

Stella tries not to think about biting. She tries not to think about the fact that really, the game that’s she been playing all this time is just lying in another form. She tries not to think about the negligee she’s wearing underneath the covers, the horrific obscenity of her claws peaking out; the contradiction between the way that her boyfriend usually sees her, legs painstakingly shaved, and whatever the hell she has going on now—which would, perhaps, have led to some biting.

In short, she tries and fails about a thousand things before the little girl speaks again. She has some inkling that in this day and age, people call that *“anxiety.”*

“Stella?” Mandy asks. Her voice is small, the game’s rhythm has been interrupted. “What’s the moon like?”

“Oh it’s so great, you should totally be here,” Stella says. “It’s—well, there’s this thing the Moon Aliens do with lava? Wait, hey they’re doing it right now! Are they…Are they making *brownies??”*

“Brownies!” squeals the little girl.

*Shit*, Stella thinks. She’s just made a promise.

“But anyway, yeah. So uhh, moon’s great. Moon Aliens are great. And they want to know, uhh…they say they want to know why you’re visiting?”

“I don’t know,” Mandy says. “I missed you.”

“Aww that’s great sweetheart. That’s really, really great. Who—Who let you in?”

“Uncle Mike.”

Despite herself, Stella feels a thrill arcing through her body. The same thrill she gets when she’s hunting deer, or on the edge of winter when a bear looks at her the wrong way.

Stella has *definitely* killed people for less than this.

“That’s great sweetie, yeah. That’s really, really great. So uh, where’s your uncle now?”

“At the car. He forgot something.”

Stella counts backwards from ten. Mandy’s eyes flutter beneath glittery lashes. She has a butterfly sticker on one cheek, and her fingernails are painted all sorts of crazy colors, most of them chipping. Stella looks down at her own nails. Claws. Last winter, she killed and skinned a bear with those claws.

Distantly, Stella hears the front door open.

“UNCLE MIKE THERE’S MOON ALIENS!” Mandy screams, and with that she jumps onto the bed. Stella’s life flashes before her eyes. All those years, all those transformations. Bears on the edge of winter and hunters infiltrating the forest with the blossoming of spring. The old world, the new, thousands and thousands of miles of trackless wilderness that lead her here, to this bed, where it’s all about to go tits up.

“*Woah,*” Mandy breathes, “*Moon Aliens.*” Childish hands seize Stella’s fur and it’s all she can do not to growl, snap, bite, claw, rend.

“You’re so warm, Ms. Moon Alien. Wow. You’re like my kitty. Her name is Pebbles. I love her.”

The bedroom door eases open again, and there he is. Mike. The man that she’s been seeing for the better part of two years. Who’d wanted to see her, all of her, who’d said, “*No matter what, you’re beautiful*,” so desperately that she’d been stupid enough to believe him.

He stands there now, gaping. Horrified no doubt. Stomach turning at the thing that’s in his bed. With his little niece.

He’s holding a sunflower in his right hand.

It drops.

“Mandy,” he says, more calm than Stella had expected, “are you on the moon?”

“Uh-huh,” Mandy says.

“Well hop off real quick, and keep your eyes closed, because I’ve got a surprise for you.”

“A surprise?”

“Uh huh. Have you ever heard of Pluto?”

“What’s that?”

“Just a planet. Really, really far away. And you know what? They grow the most beautiful sunflowers there.”

Stella screws her eyes shut. That’s it, it’s over. She’s dead. Mandy will open her eyes, scream, let the whole world know that the monsters are real, and then Mike will leave her because of course he will. She saw him drop that flower. She saw herself in the mirror before this. She has to see herself every day.

Stella feels small hands unlacing from her fur. The weight shifts on the bed. She opens her eyes, barely able to breathe, to see Mandy with her hands outstretched, carefully navigating the room. Three, two steps, one step and she’s there, by Mike

“I’m going to Pluto now,” Mandy says. “Bye-bye, Ms. Moon Alien. Bye-bye, Stella.”

“Bye-bye,” Stella whispers. Her voice sounds so husky.

They’re going, the door's shutting, is that disgust she sees in Mike’s face? Terror? He must hate her, she knows. If Mandy had ever opened her eyes, that little girl would hate her too.

“OH!”

Mandy’s hand snakes out, grabs the door frame. So impossibly small. She leans back into the bedroom, eyelids quivering with the effort of holding them closed, and she says, in her brightest five-year-old voice, “I love you, Ms. Moon Alien! I love you, Stella!”

And that’s it. They’re gone, just a stop to pick up the flower. The door closes and Stella’s shaking. She wants to vomit. She *will* vomit. A five-year-old just walked in on her in lingerie.

*But wait*, Stella thinks. *Wait.*

A five-year-old walked in on her in lingerie, and that’s the part that she was just thinking about. *That’s the part. That’s it!*

That’s all.

Because that’s the last thing that stayed secret.

Mandy touched her fur. Held it. Whole handfuls. She smelled her breath and felt that feral heat, the fear scents and the desire-musks that laid thick in the air when she’d opened the bedroom door.

And here she was, thinking about negligees.

The door opens again. Mike. Through the gap, Stella sees Mandy admiring her new flower, no eyes for anything else in all the world. Then the door slams shut, he crosses the room in three easy steps, and he’s there, he’s on her, his body pressing her down into the pillows.

A kiss, if you can call what they do that.

“You’re beautiful,” he says, and she hears his desperation.

“Do you have any brownie mix?” she says, and it's all that Stella can do not to cry.

r/TurningtoWords