The quest was to find a female, tuxedo cat. Not a biggie: Hell, it was only a D-Ranked quest. I've been at S-rank for 5 years, only a few points short of moving up to S+. This should be easy.

Or so I thought. Jan, the girl at the desk, looked at me and shook her head. "If you can accomplish this quest, I'll finally agree to that date you've been bugging me for since you moved to C-rank." I'd heard, long ago, that if a quest was really difficult, Jan would not only find the person to do it, but she'd reward them with not only the bounty, but her own special services. There were a few guild members, male and female, that would agree her night of rewards were really worth something.

"I'm game for that, but isn't that something that you only do for higher rank jobs?"

This one's special. By rights, it's a D-Rank quest, but everyone that has attempted it, comes back a ruined adventurer. They can barely do herb gathering quests for a long time. Some have even left the guild entirely, resorting to begging, thievery or..." (and she visibly shuddered) "... have become politicians."

"What?" 

"You remember Jamie Borkers? He's running for city council!" Borkers? Beserker Bork? Councilman? He joined the guild at the same time I did. True, he never got to S-rank, but still, he'd never even think of politics. His idea was to start a small inn to retire when he couldn't adventure any longer.

I spent the next three days interrogating other adventurers that tried and failed this quest. The only common thread I could find was that they all said loud music and loose morality. That could be any bar and a third of the churches in this walled city.

As I was prepping for the search, I had my bag of equipment. This cat was tricky, it seemed. 

Going over the clues I had, I decided that the bars were the least likely place to start. I decided on the churches to focus my search. The first one glared at me from the church listings. Our Lady Of Easy Virtue would be the first one.

I know, it sounds like a bordello. Technically, it was a church, but that's only in name comparing to the houses of Ill Repute. The city tried to shut it down, but their congregation attended their "religious services," well, religiously. 

I left my room at the guild and strode to the church. as I entered, a nun sidled up to me. White apron, black vestments, black outer veil, white under-veil and coif. Looked like a bleeding penguin if you asked me. No, a penguin didn't have the small beak this nun had.

"Welcome, pilgrim. How may I help you on your path to enlightenment?" I mentioned an act that was common for those in a certain profession. Her reply? "Eight golds, same as any other place in town!"

Well, I knew I was on the right trail. I suspected as much. I agreed and she motioned me to follow her.

A nun's habit is not something that is formfitting, but more like a tent. Still, although I couldn't make out her body under all of that cloth, I suspected it. I reached into my hip pouch and produced what I thought I'd need. I tossed it in front of her and she stopped, recoiled, then pounced. As she landed on the catnip mouse, her tail shot straight up, showing me that the only thing under the nun's habit was her fur. No wonder the guys were at odds with bringing her in. What better disguise for a tuxedo cat-girl, than a nun's habit. As she played with the catnip mouse, I got out the feather on a stick and the halter and leash. I had finally captured this elusive cat.

As we went to leave, the Mother Superior came to the door to stop us. "Are you planning on violating this house of worship more?"

"No, sister, but I have a quest to return this little kitty home," I said as I played the feather in front of her. Cat girls and cats: They both fall for this little game. Even the mother superior had trouble taking her eyes from it.

"Do you know what you're doing? Do you know what you are planning on subjugating this young lady to?"

"Yes, I'm taking her back home to her owner."

"What do you know about her owner."

"I know that while he can't utilize her in the manner she would like, especially when she's in heat, he finds that she's a comfort in his old age. I've spoken to him and he isn't long for this world. I told him of what I suspected, which turned out to be pretty true. I'm sure that, if you're patient, he will release her into your care as his final wish. He just wants to spend his last days, stroking her fur, skritching behind her ears and chin, and having her lay on his lap as she'd done since she was a kitten-girl. As I said, he's not long for this world and it would give him joy knowing she came back home to him."

"Do you have any idea how many cat-girls are abandoned by humans every year. While she wasn't mistreated, she knew that she'd need to make her way in the world, alone, after he passes. This is why this house was built to honor those abandoned cats, both demi-human and pure feline. We also follow the path of nature and use our skills to provide food and shelter for these precious creatures."

"I can see that you're one of those precious creatures. Would it not be better to discuss arrangements with her human so that she isn't abandoned? I'm sure he'll be able to help you with your mission."

We returned to her home and her human was elated to have her again. She crawled up onto her lap and started purring as he rubbed her chin. The mother Superior and I discussed the future, and his inevitable demise. Not something easily discussed, but he'd made his peace with his deity and was determined to live out his life until then. The following day, with his lawyer there to take notes, he adjusted his will. Yes, his children would get half of everything when he dies, but the other half would go to Our Lady Of Easy Virtue to fund their mission. 

What made this quest so difficult? The few that found her succumbed to the temptations of the fur. Once you've gone cat, you don't want to go back. This messed up their minds too much. I could have had the same fate, except for the injury I got from a dragon about 5 years ago. I'd sought the help of several healers, but so far, the little soldier still sleeps. 

As for Jan? She made good her promise. She knew my condition, and advised me she'd take care of that if it was ever cured, but in the meantime, She did what she could to thank me for clearing up this quest so well. Her manga-meat roasts are usually a bit on the rare side, but that's normal for Kobolds. We spent much of the day in a field, playing fetch. Kobolds are like cat girls in that they wear little, if anything. To watch her chase a ball as nature intended? It was so beautiful, I almost don't care if my little problem is fixed.