"Now, I must admit. I have been a bit suspicious about you lately."

Dimitri Petrova gulped. He straightened the non-existent wrinkles from his collar, trying not to squirm from the searching gaze of the other man. Around them, the fluorescent lights of the shop made everything too visible in the night. Dimitri kind of wanted to hide like a little kid. Which didn't make a lot of sense since he was technically *older* than the other man, even if he didn't look it. 

"Really?"

Old Man Xiao nodded. "It's hard to miss when one of your constant costumers never ages."

Dimitri winced. Yeah, that does make sense. Though, in his defense, Dimitri never found any reason to hide when it came to Old Man Xiao. He always felt at ease with the man. If he didn't call the police on the first time they met, Dimitri was sure that Xiao would never reveal them. 

The first time he met him, the guy owned a rundown store that was about to close. Dimitri was in serious need for a batch order of coffins since the attack by the rival clan lead to most of their safe housing burned to the ground. Xiao was desperate for money that he didn't really question why he needed to make hundreds of coffins when there wasn't news of a massacre.

Thus started their beautiful friendship. Dimitri as the official liaison to Xiao, and Xiao as their sole supplier of coffins. And even after all these years, the man never questioned it. Even if he technically didn't know they were vampires.

Well, until now it seemed.

"I'm assuming there's a reason you're admitting this now?" Xiao said. Dimitri nodded. "Yeah, we were hoping to offer you immortality."

Xiao didn't expect this, based on how wide his eyes got. "Turn me into. a vampmire?"

Dimitri nodded, now more excited. "Yeah! You're a trusted person and the clan really likes you. They're some of your other customers."

The clan had long decided to show their thanks to Xiao by buying stuff from him constantly. Loyalty to the man who saved them during tough times and all. There was the added benefit that they genuinely liked Xiao since he was a nice and gentle person who had a lot of stories to share, even if most of the people he was telling them to was older than him by 100 years minimum. 

Xiao still looked surprised so Dimitri kept explaining. "Becoming a vampire also means you become young again. You get the whole 'no sunlight thing' but trust me that you get used to it. You can still eat human food, you'll just have to add blood to your diet. And, you get to travel the world with us, or even on your own if you want!"

Dimitri held out his hand for a shake, a wide smile on his face that showed his fangs. 

"What do you say, old man?"

Xiao said nothing, just looked at him wide-eyed, before he let out a soft chuckle. 

"Why, I thank you for that offer. I'm really flattered. But I can't accept that."

Dimitri blinked. That was... That was not the reaction he was expecting.

"Now you look a bit confused here son, so let me explain." 

Xiao hobbled to a nearby chair, Dimitri automatically moving to help him. The old man thanked him before settling himself comfortably. Dimitri dragged a nearby stool closer and took his own seat. 

"You gave me a mighty good offer there," Xiao admitted. "And if I were a younger man, I could have accepted it. Seeing the world was my dream, and learning all about the new technologies and the internets was something I really wanted to experience." 

Xiao coughed harshly. Dimitri flinched at the sound. He could already smell the scent of approaching death from Xiao, and it made him agitated. The temptation to give him his blood to fight off that rot was strong but he needed to know why Xiao refused.

"Hell, maybe 15 years ago I would have said yes. Before you and your family of vamps came, I would have gladly joined."

"What changed?"

Xiao gave him a smile, serene and wise.

"I've lived a very good life already. A very good life. It had it's ups and downs. The loss of my husband and children was the worst. Then me almost losing the shop and everything we built together. I was alone in this town. My family had long since passed. I thought things would only get worse."

He placed a gnarled hand on Dimitri's shoulder, warm on his immortal skin. 

"Then I met a silly man asking for hundreds of coffins. And then more customers came in with their weird orders of statues and coffins and toys. Costumers who smiled and talked to me and always gave me warm food at the nights I couldn't cook. A conversation when it felt a little too lonely. And then I made friends from these costumers who never seemed to grow old, but always seemed excited to meet me."

Dimitri couldn't help the laugh. It wasn't a secret that the clan pretty much adopted the carpenter. But to find out how important their tiny gestures were to the man? 

Dimitri tried to rub the dust out of his eye, though he was sure that Xiao kept the place clean. Xiao then leaned back into the chair and closed his eyes. 

"I don't need to live longer anymore. I'm already happy."

The smell of death was getting stronger now, and Dimtri let a tear fall. "I'm guessing I can't convince you at this point? Even if it means avoiding your close death?"

Xiao just laughed loudly. "Boy, I already knew that. I'm just glad to have a friend with me when it happen."

The laugh Dimitri let out was wet with tears. They spent the rest of the night talking and talking, the hours fading into nothing as they did so. When the smell of death became stronger and Xiao's voice became weaker, Dimitri kept telling him of the stories of his clan. 

When Dimitri couldn't hear Xiao breathe anymore, he looked at the man through misty eyes. Xiao had a smile on his face.

That was enough for Dimitri.