I stepped through the registration line. I was still a bit shaky what with this being only my second day using "legs" but nobody seemed to much notice. To be fair, the one before me - a 'dwarven brewmaster' according to his registration - had seemed even worse off. He certainly didn't smell good.

I was almost memorized by the beauty at the desk. Fine curves tapering down from a well rounded body to thin but sturdy legs, oak and mahogany with a lustrous stain and lacq....

"Uh, hello, adventurer. I'm up here. Kindly pay attention".

I tore my gaze from the beautiful chair and raised my eyes to the meatbag sitting upon it.

"Yes, there you are", the meatbag said in a condescending yet bored tone, "name, race and nationality please".

"Gidyagtazu lvsniccut", I burst out. Damn, I could understand the local dialect but despite my ability to maintain a convincing outward appearance, the internals needed to produce the meatbag method of communication had this far eluded me.

The clerk looked suddenly interested.

"I can't quite place that dialect. Hmm. I'd lean towards hoblinoid but you seem human. Sounds to me like one of those folks from that 'Eastern Canada' place the world portal spits out periodically."

I saw him mark random lines on the page then reach below and prop up a small glowing stone on the desk.

"Translation stone", said the clerk. "Very important for you offworld folks. I assume you have two silver to pay for it?"

I blinked. We Mimics produced coins in a process similar to what locals referred to as "oyster pearls" but more as a byproduct of eating items containing metals. The result was rather embarrassing but somehow quite coveted by the locals.

Reaching into what *appeared* to be a back pocket but was in reality more of a waste orifice, I withdrew two rounded pieces of metal in the form that the clerk required.

With that, the clerk passed over the stone, stamped the paper and snatched up the coins. I was hoping to rally for a short conversation with the beautiful piece below him when he shouted "next" and I was hustled along.

As the lineup ended, I was ushered into a room with a rather impressive vaulted ceiling and rather impressive collections of tables and chairs. The latter tended to be well-worn and sometimes a bit dented.

"Low-class tramps", I thought to myself, "no self-respect and willing to accommodate just about any a.."

[plink]

My thoughts were interrupted by the sound of a diminutive human that had run head first into my "armor".

She said dazed in the ground for a second. I crushed the instinct to consume and instead reached down and offered her a "hand" up.

Green eyes peered up at me.

"Oh, thank you ser. I'm terribly sorry to run into you like that.I was hoping to hit the hiring line before it closed. Our Warrior rolled snake-eyes in our last jungle quest and we're short on our party."

Her voice was not unpleasant - for a meatbag - And I found myself following the diminutive food-creature as she walked quickly down the hall. She must have noted my confusion as she continued.

"You know, snake-eyes. Some of the mobs leave them behind when they died. Poor Horst stepped on one, slipped, and rolled right off a ravine into the Ravenous Woods. By the time we got to him it was all the healer could do to keep him alive. He'll be months in recovering"

The little meatbag suddenly stopped, a discouraged look on her face.

"Well, of all the luck. Looks like there's nobody left in the hiring line."

She pouted a bit, then seemed to collect herself and realize I was still beside her.

"Oh, but where are my manners".
She reached out towards my hand, "I'm Cassie".

I stood there, unsure what to do with the offered appendage. Were she a Mimic, I would have tasted it to share our songs. In the case of a meatbag, that would be too much temptation for my growing hunger 

"Gidyagtazu lvsniccut", I mumbled, presenting my own hand with the stone and the oddly marked paper. Maybe the markings there might mean something to her.

Apparently they did, as she startled and remarked

"Oh. An offworld Canadian. I've only met one of your people before in my lifetime, but the accent seems to fit. And is that a translation stone? Why haven't you used it yet?"

Gabbling on, she grabbed the stone and motioned me to bend closer. As I smelled her, the temptation to Consume grew, my mouth opened and [gurk]

I nearly choked as she deftly tossed the stone into my mouth. Before I realized what had happened, it rolled down my czakula and into my digestive pouch.

"What did you do that for?!", I growled.

Shock reached my face a moment later. Had I just spoken words in a language of the meatbags?!

The "Cassie" giggled.

"See, there you go. Translation stones have to be eaten to work. They're not even stones really. More of a pill or consumable. You should be able to understand Common better, as well as speaking and even reading or writing."

Flustered, I looked down at the paper in my hand. Sure enough, I could now understand the machines in the lines the clerk had added:

* Race: human

* Origin: Canada? Noofundlend?

* Registration #: 12875

* Class: Warrior?

* Affiliations: none


The Cassie grabbed the sheet from my hands.

"Wait, this says you're a warrior. AAAAND you're not affiliated with a party yet. Hey Niccut, I've got a proposition for you!"