Restoration Man paused in surprise.

The ancient CEO's bleary gaze did not falter.

"...the stars?" said Restoration Man finally.

"Yes," said the CEO, and then his wizened face crumpled like a used tissue, ready for the bin. He dropped it into his gnarled hands despairingly. "So much," he mumbled. "Such destruction. Such vast suffering. And for what?"

Restoration Man simply gawped. This was an unexpected twist.

The CEO spread his palms helplessly. "Greed," he moaned. "I have filled my pockets, and the pockets of my relatives and friends. Unending wealth. Plenty. Safety. Security. Influence." He looked down at his hands. They were heavily creased, the skin like crushed leather, lined over and over by the graspings of 100 years.

They trembled with age. 

They were empty.

"What was the good of it?" the old man fretted. "Any of it? I have held the helm of power, steered the ship of Commerce, led leaders and financed financiers. I have filled these hands again and again at a well that seemed endless. I heard the puny cries of the bleeding hearts, but it was only after fifty years that I looked up to see with my own eyes that the sky had gone dark with the spewing of my chimneys, seas dead with effluvients of my factories, mountains razed for the coal that ran the whole machine. And at first, I did not care."

He pondered the trembling hands, palms up before him. 

"For what was a view of the sky compared to a future  crammed with my wildest dreams? What was a mountain or two weighed against what I thought of as progress? Even an ocean's death, then, seemed a fair price."

He cast a rheumy glance toward the office's plate-glass window. The night sky it showed was blackly overcast. Even the full moon's light made barely a smear through the heavy smoke. In the old man's eyes there was an inscrutable expression. Restoration Man recognized it, finally, as regret.

"The well was never endless after all," the old man quietly said. "It merely poured from the future into my hands. And so each grab I made was a stolen day, a day's life and lushness gone, not from myself, but from the world." 

His brow furrowed deeply. "I am a thief, young man," he said at last, turning earnestly toward Restoration Man. "I have stolen my wealth from the world. I have quenched the stars with these hands, killed seas and burrowed with them into the open wounds of the Earth. I have murdered a planet with these filthy hands, holding the almighty dollar as my weapon."

Restoration Man choked up a bit at the bitterness in the quavering voice of the last CEO.

"I," said the old man thoughtfully. "I thought myself better than the greatest Emperor, higher than a priest. I thought myself perched atop the world, when in reality, my son, I was lower than the lowest cutpurse, eating up the Earth from underneath. And now that it is gone and my coffers are full, I see at last that all I took, I have *stolen* from all the sons and daughters of humanity, from the countless grandchildren who now will not be born beneath this accursed starless sky. I, who thought myself a King indeed, was but the lowest servant of my own greed."

He sighed deeply, an elderly man's wheeze that rattled his frailty like a ship's sail in the wind. There was a pause.

"I am old," he said at last. "As the days ahead of me grow fewer, I value them the more--the rising price of a scarce resource." He gave a sadchuckle full of regret. "Yet I would give them all, and eagerly, for another sight of the stars."

Restoration Man glanced toward the blackness of the window. 

"Yes," the old man said, defeated. "I know. I cannot undo what I have done. I am not just a thief, but a fool." His creased hands fell helplessly open upon the luxury of the mahogany desktop as a tear tracked the wrinkles on his wizened cheek.

Restoration Man smiled. "No. It is true that you have been a thief, but you will die an honorable man. Look up yonder, once more."

The old man smirked violently at this, but his eyes went to the window with a faint hope nonetheless.

In the heavy smoke there drifted by a sudden gap. Two or three stars glimmered magically through it, bright as beacons. The eyes of the last CEO widened with joy, then slowly they closed, for the last time.

In the smoke outside, the starlight vanished, but Restoration Man left the corpse of the last CEO sitting stiffly behind the vast desk. He left the building, his figure encompassing the hope of a planet, armed with a dying man's regret.