# Soulmage

**A wooden slipper flew at my head, and I ducked as "Grandma" chased me out of the room.** "I'm changing, you pumpernickel pie! Get out of my room!"

I hadn't caught a good look at the blur of fur and fluffy dresses that had hidden behind the nearby dresser, but something sounded off about her voice. Did she get into Jiaola's brandy again? "Okay, Grandma, but everyone else in the house is gone, and I *really* need to know where they went—"

"You can ask someone else! *Anyone* else! Just don't come in here for the next—" I heard some rustling, and a window popped open. "Four hours, six minutes," the voice from inside the room said.

I rubbed my forehead. "Grandma, the moon's going to be practically set by then. Come on. Throw me a bone. I—"

"*No!*" I heard a frenzied yelp from inside. "No bones! No moons! Go away!"

"Come *on,* Grandma! I can't find Uncle Sansen or Uncle Jiaola anywhere, and—" I paused as a realization struck me, gentle as the rising dawn.

Then I snickered to myself as the outlines of the situation presented themselves. It was a bit of an open secret that Uncle Sansen was a werewolf—I wasn't sure of all the details of Uncle Sansen and Uncle Jiaola's marriage, but I'd gathered that they'd broken more or less every taboo from both of their respective home cultures. So it was understandable that Uncle Sansen would still be a bit secretive about the whole thing.

I, on the other hand, had been born and raised in the generation after theirs, and the world they'd fought to live in was one in which I could just have a good laugh about the whole situation and then move on. So I decided my questions about where everyone was would have to wait. "Alright, alright. I'll be downstairs. Just *howl* if you need me," I said.

"ACK!" I heard Uncle Sansen yelp from inside the closed room. "What did you say?"

"Sorry, Grandma, are you having some hearing loss? You know what's great for that? Take the *hair of the dog that bit you,*" I said, elbowing the air. Man, I should become a comedian.

"WHY? WHY???" After the stress of the past few days, I just had to laugh at the absurdity of it all. Finally, the door creaked open, and a very sheepish, very much a wolf in a dress Uncle Sansen poked his snout outside. "That's not funny, you know."

I grinned at him. "Hey, you really had me going there for a moment. I didn't want to call you out on it if I was wrong. After all, I didn't want to be—"

"Don't you fucking dare," Sansen barked.

"*—the boy who cried wolf,*" I finished, eyes sparkling with mirth.

Sansen gave me a long look. "You done yet? Because seriously, I would've been hanged in my childhood if someone knew I was dating a human, much less a human man."

I sobered up, a bit of remorse creeping into my expression. Maybe the boy who cried wolf one was one pun too far. "I know. I just... things are different nowadays, you know? You've been married to Uncle Jiaola my entire life; you don't have to hide it. Although..." I gave the lacy dress he was wearing—with exactly nothing else—and raised an eyebrow. "I do find this entire situation *immensely* amusing."

Sansen sighed, a *whuff* of air puffing out from his nostrils. "Yeah, yeah, laugh it up. Alright, let me change into something less sexy and I'll see you in." Sansen pulled his head back, then paused. "Thanks," he said. "For... being accepting."

I heard something deeper in his words, an echo of a memory sharp and thin, and I nodded in response. "Least I could do," I said. I paused, then smirked as one last remark made its way to my mind. "Besides," I added, "what were you worried about? It wasn't like I was going to... *throw you to the wolves.*"

Sansen rolled his eyes, and I laughed until my belly hurt, and the idiosyncratic little family I'd found for myself felt safe and accepting and warm.

A.N.

Soulmage will be episodically updated. Want to know what happens next? Check out [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/bubblewriters/comments/uxmwe4/soulmage_masterpost/) to be notified whenever a new part comes out, and check out r/bubblewriters for more stories by me.