Kick, roll, duck. Avoid being hit, asses the situation. Active combat was a dance, one they both danced often enough. They didn't hold back punches because they didn't need to. Test her defenses while she tests mine. Play footsie with small kicks and twitches while trying to bait an opening. 

She's trying to put me against a wall so I jump over the railing and try to get a good fall. She has the high ground but if she wants to catch me she'll need to take the fall (and miss beefcake was never very good at parkour) and if she does she'll be off her balance and ripe for the picking. I need to rile her up or try and get her to come down here.

Monologue, talk and distract her because to win all I need is more time. Every second we weren't fighting was another second for my power to ramp up before I let it slip. "You know they have insurance, any money I take they'll make right back and not lose a cent" I don't have money, a lawyer is paying me more money than this building is worth for stolen documents tht will probably never even see court. "Don't tell me your giving me the silent treatment? So meaaan" I drawll out and take a small pleasure from seeing her do that little exhale she does when she's trying not to roll her eyes.

She puts a hand in her ear, a gesture you both know she doesn't need to do, and asks (projecting with a voice you know means she was in theater during high school) "Did she break into any of the offices containing actual cash money?". She knows I lied to her, she's starting to get a better read on me recently, certainly not a good enough one seeing as how she's still hasn't come down and stopped me but a better one since that time in May.

She's looking at me, waiting for me to respond so I open my mouth and realeased my power. I'm suddenly aware of the whole building, of how it twists and bend and gravity fails and flips and dances. Some stairs in the third floor will never end no matter how long you walk up them. Portals open giving the illusion the place stretched out. Mirrors become doors become hallways become paintings. MC etcher eat your heart out.

She finally drops, and the game begins again. This time a chase across a landscape only you can traverse, time to lose her. And he rsidekicm, better make sure no one will bother you two.

You open a channel to your main henchmen (henchwoman? She hated being called that but you still think it sound better) and ask her to "put the little runt in her place". The newbie is usually never far from the fight, as fast as she is you'd never be able to actually hurt him.

———

Fuck Marisol! God fuck her, fuck her stupid crush on that stupid girl and their kink for beating each other wearing spandex, leather and latex. Partial invulnerability is not an excuse to skimp out on body armor but noooooo, she gets to dress up all gaudy and mope. Bitch.

God where even is wonder boy? I'm in this stupid extra getaway van that she never even ends up using, driving around the block trying to see a teenager (sure I'm a teen too but his voice squeaks!) dressed in black hiding in a rooftop! Stupid teleporters and their bullshit hiding spots. God damn it. 

There, the red brick building that might be apartments or nigh be a tax evasion project has someone on the roof. The hard part is going to be getting there. Okay, causally pull up, and park. Good, he hasn't peeked over that edge, and from what I can see (and I can see everything) trying to map out the building using cameras which won't work. Marisol might be a moron but she is good at covering her tracks. She places portals over cameras to throw them off or she burries them inside cement. If a single one of them still shows something it's because she wants them to.

She's definitely going to pose for them, isn't she? Fuck. 

Okay he's still distracted yes and I have a grappling hook. This will be easy, I just aim up, fire it at the edge and get ready to grapple up.

Fuck! He heard the hook hit the wall, he's standing please dismiss it please dismiss it god neither of us want to be here please just sit down, yes just like that okay good fuck. Okay he's lowering the brightness of his screen and bringing it close to his eyes. Like that'll stop me from seeing it, bozo.

———

There's a grappling hook in my rooftop. Sooth is probably going to try and rappel up, isn't she? Why does she care so much, we know the average henchwoman makes nothing. Pennies! You're better off working at McDonalds or Dennys or everywhere where labor laws apply to you.

She probably hasn't realized I'm using the reflection of my screen to look at her grappling hook's hook. The all knowing are so often blind. Her hand grabs the edge and with more skill than I'll ever admit she has she silently creeps up. God, why does she have a crown of fake eyes and why are they all bloodshot.

She's stalking towards me, but she's too close to the edge for me to (safely) teleport behind her but she's getting closer. Just a few more steps, just one or two...

We make eye contact across my screen. Here we go. I teleport behind her without any element of surprise. She immediately clips me with a weird roundhouse kick. I teleport behind her again but as soon as she starts to turn I teleport to where she was just looking and suffer for it because she's looking everywhere and my instincts are useless against her. 

This is gonna be annoying. Behind her again, but leave some room and run in for a tackle. She stiffens as I run in for the tackle but doesn't fight back as I slam her I ti the ground. ("Asses the situation" says my training. "If a villain starts acting strange look out for any traps" I remember aunty say.).

On the floor she starts to flail and says "Wait! Stop stop stop!" and the manual says I shouldn't but I'm worried she's having a seizure so I stop pinning her and immediately back off. She's breathing heavily, scared and her eyes are wide under the mask that hides most of her face.

Something is deeply wring here, she never loses her composure like this. 

"Michael" she says and my mind blanks. Fifteen seconds pass between us without a word nor movement. Sooth raises a hand and slowly bring it to her helmet, before she pulls it off. Her hair puffs up as soon as it's no longer being pressed down. 

I recognize that hair. She keeps moving and places her fingers under her mask. She takes off her makes and behind it is Ruth. Ruth, from the coffee shop. Ruth is Sooth. My mind slows and I stupidly say "You-. Uh. You're..." More silence" You chose Sooth?"

She laughs

———

There'll be a part 2 eventually™