They are the Seven Incarnations.

Descendants of the original seven humans that first partook of the flesh of the fallen Deity, and upon consumption would find that they were elevated to levels beyond that of normal mortality.

Each one of them took an aspect that made the whole of the deceased God’s being, their power was absolute and they used their strength to bring the land back from the brink.

But absolute power…corrupts.

From a singular beautiful world, it was divided into seven nations, scarred by cataclysmic scars of great wars that shook the planet to its core.

The Incarnations turned on one another, battling for supremacy over who was true dominant force in this world and who could lead the world to a brighter tomorrow.

And so, the first of what turned into a Millenia of wars and battles would begin.

Compassion, Willpower, Hatred, love, Greed, Life, and Death.

While the Six would combat each other endlessly, they dare not tread on the land that belonged to the Incarnation of Death, for he was the only one that took no land for a people, carving the corpse of the Fallen Deity to keep it away from the others as to not allow them to further damage their world.

Death has acted as Judge, Jury, and Executioner. Whenever one army begins to gain an advantage, he enters the battlefield and slays their number until only the incarnation remains before leaving in a veil of shadow, consuming the souls of their mortals as a punishment.

The only one that can try to curb his judgement was that of Life, but she fell into a slumber, having severely exhausted her soul and powers after the most recent war left the world barren.

Without someone to stop him and his judgement having been made a long time ago that this world was doomed, he scours the land with his scythe drawn high, executing soldiers and civilians alike across all nations. 

The people no longer cry out for the safety of their ruler, knowing that if they spoke it would draw the attention of death and their souls were forfeit.

The surviving Incarnations were at a crossroads, they did not like one another, but they knew that Death has grown too powerful for any of them to handle alone…

They must learn to bury old grudges, close their wounds or risk falling onto the scythe as well…

They need to bring Life back…