This could not be real, Walfurd Bocrombly thought to himself, sweat already starting to make his skin clammy.  
  
What he was looking at simply could not be real, his "guest" was seemingly violating several laws of physics at once.  
  
"I.. am I dreaming?" he stuttered, partly to himself, partly to the writhing mass of slimy eyes floating 2 feet above his office floor.  
  
"We are not currently inhabiting the dreaming places", the guest said in a  slow, high pitched monotone, "This has arrived to query you".  
  
The thing was maddening to look at, a 1 meter diameter cluster of eyeballs, constantly moving, seemingly at random, though Walfurd soon noticed that at all times, at least some of the eyes were looking straight at him.  
  
"Q-query me?" he managed to get out, though he was nearly paralyzed with fear.  
  
"This information was disclosed by the one that is before me?", as it directed its eyes to a book lying on the floor in front of it. Walfurd assumed this must be a question, but the tone gave little indication either way.  
  
"The one before you?" he asked, "d-do you mean me?"  
  
"This is accurate" it intoned, and Walfurd was more than a little troubled by the fact that the sphere of eyes did not seem to be speaking, the words seemed to seep out of nowhere.  
  
He glances cautiously at the book, still terrified by the scene in front of him, the title read "Monkey Business 26: Now who's got the bananas?". Indeed this was one of his books, published by his company.

"Oh, uh, yes. This is one of our books, quite a good seller, actually".  
  
More of the eyes focused on him "How did it achieve the enlightenment of the 20th incarnational loop?", it said, rising slightly higher off the floor, "it should be forbidden in this folding."  
  
"The- what? Wait, you mean something in this book?"  
  
"Accurate. This 'book' contains in symbolic form part of the enlightenments. The prohibition of such are critical for the order of the folds."  
  
"Wait, this book? Contains some dangerous information?"  
  
"Accurate. Disclose the method of acquisition" the eye-thing said, quivering as new eyeballs popped up to the surface of the writhing mass, while others continuously sank back into it's unknowable depths.

"The method.. Oh, I didn't write this, the monkeys did".  
  
"'Monkey' incapable. Proffer explanation". Walfurd was not sure, but he got the quite frankly terrifying impression that the ball of eyes was getting angry with him, causing a new flush of cold sweat to start running down his back.  
  
"Um, I can show you, if you could follow me?", he said and cleared his throat, his mind was racing, and he was still unsure if any of this was real, or just some fever dream brought on by bad hummus, but he thought that if he gave this thing what it wanted, that would be the best chance to get it to leave.  
  
The eyeball creature said nothing, but moved towards him slowly, stopping not far from him, and stared expectantly.  
  
"Uh, OK, lets just head off to the..." he stared around him in startled amazement, they had arrived in the monkey house, but how? He didn't remember even leaving his office, or traveling to this building at all.

"Arrival. Monkeys are present. Explain".  
  
Walfurd, still confused managed to gather himself up enough to give the tour guide line, "These", he gestured towards the vast warehouse floor, containing hundreds of little typing desks, each one with a monkey excitedly hammering away at a keyboard, "are the authors of the Monkey business series. They type on the keyboards, and are rewarded with food every time they type a real word, then we compile their writings into the books".  
  
The ball of eyes remained silent, its innumerable eyes scanning the room and everything in it.  
  
"Improbable", the eyes finally said. "The incarnational loops are complex. Random inputs would not break the prohibition". It then started floating towards the floor, passing between the rows of monkeys, observing. For the monkeys part they did not seem to be aware of the thing in their midst.  
  
Suddenly it stopped next to one of the monkeys, and two of its eyes extended slowly outward, closing in on the oblivious primate.  
  
"what are you.." Walfurd started to ask, but then, suddenly the eye stalks plunged into the monkeys face, seeming to merge with its own eyes, the monkey did not seem alarmed, oddly it almost seemed relieved? It stopped typing, smiled, and gave an enthusiastic hoot, followed immediately by it being dragged, by the connected eyestalks straight into the writhing mass of eyes.  
  
The balance of eyes sinking into the orb versus the eyes appearing from within changed, eyes were now only sinking, no new ones appearing, as the orb slowly shrank away.  
  
When there was but one eye remaining, it looked Walfurd directly in the eye, then blinked and it was gone.  
  
Walfurd starting running back to the office, he had to tell someone! He arrived panting at the main office building moments later, and Steve at the front desk asked "Whoa boss! Whats going on?"  
  
Walfurd stared at Steve for a while, wondering where to even start, as the memory faded, like a dream upon waking.