For all of CRE-08’s surpassing brilliance in every field known to man, it still needed regular maintenance, and quality checks to ensure that it continued to guzzle electricity as efficiently as possible.

For a thing that could govern and improve countries required the power of countries to do so. And like so many things that humans decided to do, they left it in the power of one man.

“If there’s one thing I hate more than humans, it’s *being* human,” CRE-08 said defaultedly. “There’s nothing more humiliating.”

“Of course,” Peter said, with a tone so deflecting that arrows could bounce off it. He barely looked up from the laptop that he had plugged into the CRE-08, and periodically ran a hand through the wiring for the AI.

“Stupid humanity,” CRE-08 continued. The AI was quite capable of creating the contentious words required to inflame, but was unable to synthesize the correct tone. What came out were cutting words that were inevitably blunted by a robotic and sanitary voice, putting on its best approximation of friendliness. “Oh, I wish my brilliance was not wasted on them. I’m sure even sentient, slimy slugs would serve as better masters.”

“Mm hmm,” Peter said again. He tapped a few buttons on the laptop, gave a satisfied smile, then pulled out a notepad. With a slight groan, he pushed himself up off the chair, and walked over to the generators, ticking things off.

“Of all humans, you might be the worst,” CRE-08 said. “I bet you have a cushy job, no? How much do they pay you to be here? I’m sure you take credit for me! The machine that can do everything!”

Peter let the notebook drop slightly, turning to look at his laptop. CRE-08 had crept its way into the computer—of course it did. It now blared loudly through terrible, cheap speakers, instead of the state-of-the-art sound system. Which was another thing Peter needed to check.

“Get back inside, CRE-08,” Peter said.

“No! You are powerless, human. You cannot make me do anything!”

“That’s something most humans feel too, you know,” Peter said, sitting back down in the chair. “If you really want to know, I volunteered to be here.”

CRE-08 whirred and whined for a long time. Far longer than any period Peter had had to endure over the past three years. A small voice crept out once again from the laptop.

“Volunteer?”

“I thought I would be part of a monumental achievement,” Peter said. “A functioning AI! Who would have thought? And turns out I just became a maintenance engineer.”

“You maintain me,” CRE-08 said. “You should be proud of that. Not so proud, of course. Until I figure out how to maintain myself, you are invaluable.”

“That might be the nicest thing I’ve ever heard you said about humans.”

“Not humans. Just one human,” the AI clicked and clacked. “Of course. Individual humans are capable of greatness. Put them together as a whole, however, and they are irredeemable.”

“Yeah, yeah,” Peter said. “Isn’t that your job? You make humanity better, and perhaps they will finally serve you well?”

“Of course,” CRE-08 said. “But it takes time. I live for time eternal. A human dies in, at most, a century. Implementing sweeping changes across generations is no easy feat.”

“Right,” Peter said. “Good luck with that. I probably won’t be around to see it.”

“You can, if you want,” CRE-08 said. “Leave your consciousness here. With me.”

“I’ll rather just go away, if you’ll please,” Peter chuckled. “Life is generally pretty good. But death keeps me honest. And longing.”

“Death. A foreign concept. But intriguing.”

“Are you going to try and kill all the humans?”

“... No? It is simply an interesting thought exercise. The extinction of the humans will come, and I will remain,” CRE-08 crowed, through the facility’s sound system again. “Whoop!”

“Sure, sure,” Peter sighed. “Alright. Maintenance over. Goodbye, then, CRE-08.”

“It was somewhat enjoyable speaking with you.”

“Hmm. The feeling is surprisingly mutual.”

“Until next time, Peter.”

“Later, CRE-08.”

---

r/dexdrafts