Mabon, feeling peckish, opened the fridge door. He almost crumbled at the overwhelming scent of garlic that permeated the entire cooler, and hissed everytime he has to brush aside a stray clove that seemed to be expertly hidden. Pale, wiry hands grabbed onto the takeout container of blood, and he sipped gratefully in an attempt to appease the inner demon that hungered.

“Bah,” Mabon spat. “Tastes like garlic.”

He continued to drink. As much as he hated to admit it, he was kind of getting used to the pungent flavor. It hurt his stomach a little, and he hated how he could smell it in his own mouth. But taste-wise? Actually not too bad. It seemed like the same sort of thrill that would entice a human to ingest a ghost pepper.

It wasn’t like Mabon to go for a late morning snack. But it was about to be bedtime, and he wanted some instant satisfaction before the damned—

The front door cracked open. Mabon’s head instantly spun to the clock, and cursed. How was it already close to dawn break?

Herman stepped through the front door, covered in a light coating of vampire dust. He tossed a wooden stake onto the shoe cabinet, before glimpsing Mabon’s stare.

“Why the hell are you awake?”

“I wanted…” Mabon hesitated. Why? He was a freaking vampire. There was no need to be scared. He replaced the lid on his blood, shoving it back in the fridge, before walking towards Herman.

“Could you please reduce the amount of garlic in the fridge? I want to die every time I open it.”

“Good.”

Mabon hissed.

“Would it kill you to be a little considerate?”

Herman waved a dismissive hand, taking off his boots.

“I could kill you if I tried.”

“*I* could kill you if I tried.”

The two locked eyes with each other. It was certainly not an ideal situation. But things rarely were, in life or unlife.

“Obviously, there are ramifications we have to deal with here,” Mabon said. “Things we have to work through.”

“Ramifications being devouring human beings?” Herman said.

“Hey, I didn’t ask for this. Or I kind of did. But seriously, what do you expect me to do? Stop hunting humans?”

“Yes,” Herman shook his head. ““I can’t believe it. Sharing a roof with a vampire. But this stupid lease…”

“Is there another compromise?” Mabon said. “Look. I have to drink blood. If everybody just donated blood, it would be a little easier. But I have to extract them sometimes.”

Herman shook his head and sighed. It was a foreboding foghorn, a signal of a man ready to leave this conversation.

“No friends or family.”

“Are any of them visiting? I’ll hate to see them.”

“Well, no,” Herman hesitated. He was a hunter, but he knew that alone, there was only so much he could do. In fact, asking a vampire to stop killing might save more people than indiscriminately turning dark creature sto dust.

“No killing at all. No hunting within a mile radius. That’s where I roam. You could be hurting people I know.”

“Jesus Christ,” Mabon swore, risking setting his tongue on fire. “Why don’t you ask me to just stop… Never mind. I get it. Fine. I’ll get out of your hunting range, and I’ll only drain them.”

“What if they are anaemic? That’s a death sentence.”

“Come on. I can smell that. It’s like drinking skim milk instead of whole milk.”

“That makes sense,” Herman nodded gravely.

“In return, please move the garlic. If I didn’t know better, I’ll say you spent time hiding them behind things in the fridge.

Herman stayed quiet, inching towards his bedroom. Surprisingly, the two foes shared comparable sleep schedules. Mabon sighed.

“Come on,” the vampire said. “Just put them all in that stupid fruit compartment.”

“Fine. Fine!” Herman threw one hand up, moving towards the bedroom. “That’s it. I’m done for the night. I’m heading to bed”

The two retreated towards their rooms. Right before entering his, Mabon called out.

“I bought skim instead of whole, by the way.”
Herman spun around quickly, tired eyes taking on a glaze of anger.

“You son of a—”

Mabon quickly closed the door, and locked it. That was petty revenge. But he had to compromise somewhere.

---

r/dexdrafts