"Hey, blood-sucking scum! You've left some of that 'grape juice' on the counter, come clean up your shit!"

I knew I shouldn't antagonise her, but it's just so easy to do now that I know she's one of those needle-mouted beasts. It's one thing to call your roommate a blood-sucking parasite, and another to experience it first-hand. Coming home last night to find a guy half-drained on the sofa was a shit end to yet another shitty date.

"Mmh, I preferred it when you just questioned your sexuality around me. At least then, you were not so hostile."

"Uggh, don't remind me. I'm pretty sure I broke Mike's hand last night when he reached for me, but at least now I'm sure it's not like I reacted that way because I was lusting after your weirdly-cold ass."

"You know, you would have been called a 'witch' were you around when I was little. Breaking boys' hearts and hands at once, and unwed at 30. which of us is the true monster, I wonder?"

"Definitely the one who literally kills people to survive." I fingered my vial of holy water, checked my stakes and got my boots laced up. Daytime is terrible for hunting vampires, but there are so many different monsters around lately, it might just be better for me to go do my thing: stalk prey, hunt, destroy, collect a check. Simple. A good way to get away from this monster and her mind games.

"I no longer know if you mean me, or yourself. Are you not also killing 'My people' to survive?"

That got a proper sigh out of me.

"My people kill 'your people', as you called them, because you keep eating us. We aren't taking that lying down."

I didn't really give her a chance to reply: everything was packed, laced up, strapped on and it was time for me to go make the streets a little safer for people. I stepped through the door, my combat boots thunking loudly down the hall. I'd switch to more cautious steps in a bit, once I got down the stairs, but I wanted her to know I was leaving.

It was a clear day outside, with only a few small clouds drifting past. Tony drifted up alongside me as I left the front porch, his steps clicking in time with my own. Wait, no, that's a dress: she's Toni today. I cast her my usual "Mmh." and looked around carefully. 

"So, where's the safest place to get lunch?" I prompted. Toni got into trouble so routinely, she had developed a very keen sixth sense, but it seemed to have worked in reverse: every place she thought was safe turned out to be the worst kind of danger. She still swore her radar worked right, and no amount of "Ignore your instincts" made it any better. It was part of why she viewed me as her best friend, I think.

"I'm feeling mimosas on the West Side today. There's this little bistro that opened up, and the owner leaves me feeling so warm and welcomed, it's got to be a good place!"

The owner, as it turned out, was an incubus. A little holy water, a properly placed cross, some smashed furniture and some well-timed Latin were all it took to send the bastard was back to whatever Hell they keep crawling out of. I chugged what was left of my mimosa, and headed over to HQ to fill out the report.

At least the incubus jobs pay well here... seems most of the local hunters get distracted by them. I wondered, for the eight time this week, what that might say about me, before deciding it didn't matter nearly as much as the bounty paying for my half of the rent this week. By the time I'd finished with the paperwork, the sun had already set and it was time for me to patrol. 

Of course, with the recent daylight exorcism, it seemed most of my usual hunting spots had dried up: I'd broadcast my presence to everyone around, and the evening passed drier than the desert that surrounded us. I finally gave up and decided to trudge home. I opened the door and found what was quickly becoming a nightly scene, now that she knew I knew about her.

"Oh hell, if you're going to eat on the couch, could you at least clean up your mess?"

"Sorry, I had a little trouble with this one. More paws than pause, as I am sure you understand."

I wondered vaguely what she meant, until noticing Mike's face staring at the ceiling, his expression frozen in something significantly less than terror.

"Huh. How'd that happen?" I couldn't help myself from wondering aloud.

"He came by to apologise. It seems he was not so keen to let go of you. It also seems he was not so picky about which 'frigid ass' he grabbed, so long as it was sufficiently-sized and soft. I admit, I am not sure what you saw in this one, particularly since he could not understand the words 'No. Leave my home.'"

I let out a small, grumbling sigh. Well, I guess the score ties up for us tonight: one monster, one Incubus. No sense in letting the corpse go to waste. She finished draining the blood from the paws-y would-be cheater and we worked his body into the incinerator.

"You know, if you help me find the right ones, we can be a bit more choose-y about who I eat. He would have hurt a lot of people, too." She flashed me a smile that almost made me forget what lay behind the human-like mask, and I considered it seriously for a bit."

"Nah, too much effort. Beside that, I don't want to be a judge and jury for your executioner. You'll get that stake through the heart, just as soon as I find someone with a pulse to take over your half of the lease."