    All I want is peace and quiet, when will they ever learn..

    A thousand years ago I was an immortal king, ruling over a peaceful and quiet kingdom. But countries rise and countries fall, it was a slow death from greed and age and eventually my land was split between barons right under my nose. A war broke out and my land was taken by the people left. I shook my head and left, as the people who I once knew were gone and only their grandchildren remain, and they wanted nothing of me.

    I moved across the sea on a ship manned by raiders, I found peace with the native people there and here still I live. In a quiet cabin in the forest, a river flows with fish, the trees rich with elk and deer.

    Eventually they found this land. I thought I was safe here but with years of expansion and exploration I was found, and when they found out who I was and where I lived I became constantly under threat of some country or another as they wanted me to do their dirty work, or to be their guinea pig. 

    They've sent assassin's, they've sent army's, they've sent men in black, swat teams, and even served me papers from a lawyer. 

    Every time they always failed, and walk away with a bruised head of a kick to the ass; I don't want to kill them, they're only children after all..

    Today though is different, the countries have been arguing amongst each other like children at a playground, and as a result another world war broke out. They asked for my help, begged even. And I told them to pound sand, to stop acting like children.

    Today I got my reply, a line of smoke high in the sky, a gentle rumble getting louder. Cylinder of steel falling from the heavens like a shooting star.

    I watch it fall as  It detonates just above the ground, 60 ft from my front door. The flash took me by surprise as the steel gives way to hungry flame. the heat flashing the forest to flames as a ball of atomic fire erupts from the missile. Hellfire cleansing all in it's path.

    Here I stand, on what was once my front porch overlooking the river and trees. Feeling the plasma wash over me, the very air burning, burning my clothes from my skin, burning the evidence of the last 300 years of my existence from the earth, burning all I had to my name. They burned everything I came to love, everything I had in a fit of rage over a petty squabble between country's younger than my late cabin.

    Here I still stand, my feet warmed by the slowly cooling glass still flowing between my toes. The air hot and dusty, a cloud of dust and steam rising into the air. The ground salted with radiation, all the beauty life here destroyed, burned to ash and blown to the wind 

    All I wanted was peace and quiet, but maybe it's time I grasp the nettle firmly and teach these children their lesson. How else will they ever learn?