Nelko strode into the King's Council Room and took his seat beside Lord Austin of the Legions. As they waited for the King, Nelko gazed around the room, meeting eyes with Holy Priestess Marianne, Admiral Seaborn of the Nine Fleets, and fourteen other titans of Daringrad. They looked back at him, beholding him as their august peer. If only they knew he was a fraud.

Nelko was no cheat. He had trained rigorously for eleven years to finally find his specialization as a fire mage. He knew the Wizarding Codes. His master had Tested him and deemed him worthy. Just, well... all those things happened a mere four days ago.

Grandmaster Magic Lord Aquadan leaned forward in his chair. His eyes were the only ones which bore suspicion. "Journeyman," he called out, "tell us of your Test."

Nelko gulped. His Test had been a joke - he had merely set a candle aflame. Nothing like the immense fireballs his Master often summoned, nor the fountains of magma wielded by the Ancient Fire Mages in the War of Survival. His throat parched in fear of answering.

"Now now Aquadan," interjected High Astronomer Cosmere, sparing Nelko, "I'm sure Mage Nelko's Test is a grand tale; let him tell it at a moment of his choosing."

"Admiral Seaborn," Aquadan pressed on, "have any skippers brought reports of fiery destruction?"

"Aquadan," Admiral Seaborn protested, "the Test could easily have happened inland. Fire is best wrought away from the coast - the riviera is where people live, and the ocean prevents escape better than it helps fight against flame."

Aquadan rounded on Lord Austin. "Any reports from inland?"

"I'm sure Mage Nelko will reveal his capabilities in due course" said Lord Austin.

"I can show you now" Nelko timidly announced. He saw no way around his current predicament; he might as well reveal his fraudulency and be gone from this place.

The room went silent.

"YOU'LL WHAT??" hollered Aquadan, jumping to his feet. The sunlight rapidly faded from the room as a thundercloud materialized across the clear blue sky.

"Aquadan, calm yourself!" High Priestess Marianne yelled. The shiver in her timbre announced a clear and different message: terror.

"If he would willingly summon fire here, then I must be ready to drown him out!" Aquadan bellowed in response, as sheets of rain fell like a waterfall upon the palace grounds.

Everyone began yelling. Then, the doors to the Council Room burst open, revealing the King. His steady demeanor and powerful presence calmed the room. High Priestess Marianne stepped down from the tabletop, and Grandmaster Aquadan relented the river he'd summoned from the sky.

"Grandmaster Mage Nelko" announced the King, "I would indeed like a demonstration."

"My liege, this is most unwise," protested Aquadan.

"Enough" said the King. "Grandmaster Mage Nelko, if you would, please."

Nelko stood in frozen shock, all eyes on him. Grandmaster? A demonstration of his feeble powers? Certainly he would be laughed out of the Council Room immediately, but he saw no other way out of the present situation.

Nelko looked to the chandelier above, and with a gentle exhale lit her candles. The room, darkened by the storm, was bathed in a soft glow.

The room went still.

"What?" whispered Aquadan.

Nelko looked to Aquadan, and saw in his eyes... awe?

"Impossible" whispered High Priestess Marianne. "Magic is immensely powerful - how did he suppress so much of it?"

Aquadan dropped to his knees, the dim candlelight finally being drowned out by the sun's rays now piercing through the immense stormcloud. "Teach me, master."