The Overseer is sick and twisted. At first, he presented himself as an ambassador from the galactic community. I was sent to meet with him so that we could arrange our first trade agreements, cultural exchanges, and so on. The Overseer has this nose. We aren't sure if he's telepathic, or if there's something biological going on, but everyone who sees it wants to boop it. Once you boop it, he tells everyone else that your planet is in the game. He assigns you a starting score. He calls it his little welcoming gift.

His rules are simple. He takes each world's champion to the contest planet and he hides himself away. He leaves clues for us to follow. Whoever finds him can boop his nose, then he hides himself away, again. If you boop his nose, your score starts to increase. Everyone else's scores continue decreasing. Our worlds are allowed to send us weapons and supplies. Otherwise, we have to make do with what we can scrounge or steal.

If your score reaches zero, he destroys your planet. 

The whole galaxy is at war. Every planet is trying to keep every other planet from giving their champion an advantage. The Overseer loves to watch worlds burn and plenty of them have destroyed each other playing his game. Humans are survivors. We're not the strongest or the fastest. We're endurance hunters and thinkers. So, my score started to climb. Earth's outer defenses barely held off the first few attacks.

I'm good at following the clues. I can find the Overseer faster than anyone else. Champions from other worlds have figured this out, so now they follow me. Otherwise, they mostly just leave me alone. Why kill the guy that can lead you to the prize?

The fights outside the Overseer's lair can be pretty spectacular. Someone always wins. The winner goes and boops the Overseer's nose. Sometimes, the previous winner wins again. Then I just get to sit and watch him try to keep anyone else from going in. I can get months of downtime.

Earth has the lowest score, so no one bothers us anymore. The Chumas and the Moriban are alright, so I started pulling them out of the fights. The Moribans are talking about pulling the Locrations out. We'll get everyone out from under the Overseer's thumb. One at a time, if we have to.