“You are Leofgyð?”

“I am, yes.”

I couldn’t help but stare at the man before me. I could tell from his physiology—his short stature, his broad physique, his strong, angular facial construction—he was a dwarf once. By his appearance alone I only would have suspected it, but it was by his robes, bearing all the accoutrement of a proud sailor of the noble dwarven cultures could I confirm this. But that must have been a lifetime ago.

The man who stood before me now had a form that shimmered and wavered, in which I could see my own reflection staring back at me and through which I could see the wall behind him. In place of flesh and bone was water, a brilliant green with a hue of blue to it, the surface of which gently rippled with each movement he made like the waves of the sea washing against the shore. Rather surprisingly for a seabound dwarf, he did indeed bear an immense beard that flowed down to the top of his chest as his more landlocked brethren were known for, though not one of hair, but instead of frothing sea foam. Rather ironically, it was his eyes that seemed to be the most solid aspect of his form; two perfectly rounded stones of turquoise, the darker sections of the stone perfectly forming facsimiles of pupils, which he currently held turned towards myself.

This man was not simply a dwarf, he was an illustrious Sea Sage, and one so thoroughly Tuned to the element of water that it may be more applicable to call him an elemental than a dwarf.

“Then you are whom I am to be apprenticed to.” With each word he spoke I could hear the sound of the water that comprised his form gently splashing against itself. If it were not for the shock instilled within me by the particular words he spoke, I do believe I would have found myself utterly entranced by his voice and visage.

“Apprenticed to? You, apprenticed to me? I-I’m sorry, I believe there must have been a misunderstanding—I was told I would be apprenticing a novice fire mage. Surely, one as proficient in the magical arts as to be so deeply tuned to the element of water as yourself cannot purport to be a *novice,* could you?”

The man before me simply stood and stared, arms yet crossed over his chest. As utterly transparent as his form was, it was difficult for me to discern the expression he wore. Without the visually distinct texture of opaque flesh, it was already quite hard to tell what shape his lips and his brow took, a fact only compounded upon by the way the echoes of his previous movements rolled throughout his form like gentle waves. As best as I could tell however, he had simply maintained his previous expression. Perhaps he had not caught what I had said? “To reiterate, I believe there must have been a misunder—”

“I heard you the first time, elf.” I would have already described his voice as carrying a firm tone to it, though in this instance it only seemed to become firmer. “As I am sure you are well aware,” Only once he had spoken thusly had the firmness in his tone returned to its standard. “Tuning to the waves has amplified my affinity with water and *only* water. For earth, wind, and *especially fire,* it has only *inhibited* my capabilities—*for reasons I am sure you can grasp.*” What a peculiar and deliberate enunciation. I still find myself pondering why he had taken to speaking in such an odd regard; I do not believe he had been given any reason to believe I was hard of hearing.

“Well of course. I imagine it must be very difficult for one whose entire form is comprised of water to create and manipulate fire.”

“*Yes. Quite.*” Again, that very distinct enunciation, this time accompanied by a tone of voice that I cannot help but compare to the growling of an animal. Was he perhaps upset by something? “In addition to this particular disadvantage, it hasn’t been since the most wizened flatback in the seas was a mere hatchling that I have dabbled in the arts of flame, so dedicated have I been to the sea.”

“Flatback? What is a flatback?” I was not sure what this phrase meant.

“It is a breed of sea turtle.” He thusly clarified.

“I see. What is the upper range of the lifespan of this breed?”

I could see his form slowly heave as if taking a deep inhale, before he let out a long sigh, a gesture which I believe is often meant to convey annoyance. I believe he may have begun to grow frustrated with me. I am not sure why.

“*Suffice to say,*” Again he spoke with that very deliberate enunciation. “*I have not practiced fire magic in a very, long, time.*”

“I see…” I thoughtfully murmured, gently brushing the tips of my fingers against my chin. I had my brow furrowed just as I had always seen done when one is in thought—after all, I had much to think on regarding this. On one hand, who would I be to turn down the honour of tutoring one such as a prestigious Sea Sage? And yet on the other, I was but a simple fledgling sorceress myself, unfit to teach [as my professor and classmates had made clear,](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1M9IXOnfDXJIW_spqAHsOymG4jSp2oH6vewBPDMPMKb0/edit?usp=sharing) and who had abandoned her schooling in favor of traveling and field research to boot. “I’m sorry, but I’m really not quite sure I have anything more to offer one already so learned such as yourself… Are you sure I’m the one you would want to apprentice yourself too?”

I find that words fail me as I attempt to describe what next I saw in his countenance. Even through the lack of clarity of expression caused by the transparency of his would-be flesh, I could feel his gaze almost… Sharpen, I suppose. As if the sudden ringing of a blade being swiftly drawn from a metal sheath, a wordless declaration of determination. I am unsure if what I interpreted from it was correct, but this sudden intensity of what I could only understand to be resolve, I think very well may have made me physically recoil.

“Your reputation precedes you, Leofgyð. I have heard tales of the Siege of Stanalheim—of the whirlwinds of flame, of how the hordes of wretched Kudzu burned so bright and so furiously that the sky became clouded by the smoke and ash of your flames. You are no weak-willed philosopher spouting *theorems* and *ideologies* from the comfort of a velvet chair, your flame is one stoked by the bellows of conflict; *that,* is whom I would be apprenticed to, not some ‘master of the craft’ who would so much as faint at a single drop of blood.”

I found myself utterly stunned by his words. It had left me slack jawed and wide eyed, I shall be the first to admit. I deeply hope I am not mistaken when I say that he spoke with *passion,* such passion and vigor that I could not help but be swept up by it, that for a moment, I truly felt as though I was ready to take an apprentice of my own, even one already so learned and practiced as a Sea Sage. Before I knew it I felt a smile spread across my features, and so left my lips a declaration of “I would be honoured to call myself your tutor.”

I saw that seafoam beard rise with the corners of his mouth, into an unmistakable smile of his own. “And I would be honoured to call myself your pupil.”