It had been a statistical inevitability, the professor said, a petite, olive-skinned face barely visible behind her podium, that eventually something big, unexpected would crash into the Earth. 

Some would call it a diety, a God, some called it alien, others said it was a piece of the Jurassic past somehow flung into the future. It had caused a series of worldwide changes due to the crash, millions of immediate deaths and more to follow as the counts tallied up the dead, from tsunamis, fire, ash fall clouding the sky, smothering out life. 

It had been so large, encased in a hard, scaly armor like obsidian, polished space glass, that the witnesses couldn't immediately see from their perspective what was a torso, a head, a hand. Only from an aerial survey could they map the body of the beast. 

What they hadn't expected were the dying breaths that roared ragged like a waning hurricane, before it settled limp and freshly dead into the torn Saharan soil. 

Night fell and fires burned, with the corpse over a mile long, they had gathered first to pillage the aftermath, the wreckage of God, before the westerners arrived and stole the wealth of the unexpected for themselves. Beneath the chipped covering they found flesh and the first tasted their scarlet fingers, feasted before it decayed. 

The region had been plagued by famine for generations and the manna from Heaven, this body, this precious meat from God had fallen. 

Dawn came and drove them off as the first caravans of jeeps stopped at the edge, as the sun rose, those parishioners experienced the first changes, largely in private as they lay sleeping in primitive huts and lean-tos. A brief flash of pain in the stomach as their guts swelled to bursting, flesh fall in the dusty dark of midday. 

The scholar continued, "We determined the benefit is tied to dosage, we studied it on rats after securing the corpse and seeing the affected, the reports from the tribesmen and villages nearby. Just a taste is invigorating, a full meal is like throwing twenty thousand watts into a 120 watt receptacle. Sparks will fly. 

We determined it is enough to rekindle life, to decelerate aging to a crawl, cure cancer, to turn back time, ladies and gentlemen. Those of you of faith might call it the great communion, to take of Holy blood and flesh, others of you, it is the fountain of youth. 

But you knew this already. Today it is our honor to announce a new break through, a clinically verified, effective single dose in a pill form..."