**"Welcome to Fantasia!!!"** The inexplicably busty pixie bobbed up and down around Doctor Healrow's head as she blearily blinked awake. "Now, Hero, I'm sure you have a lot of—*glack!*'

Doctor Healrow grabbed the pixie out of the air, frowning at it. "You have breasts," she said, turning the fairy over. "But you clearly have a predominantly lepidopteran body plan. Do you lay eggs? Or do you suckle your young? And you *clearly* breathe through lungs instead of spiracles, or you wouldn't be able to speak. What evolutionary purpose does investing that much energy in cognition serve, at your size?"

"Can't... breathe..." the pixie squeaked.

"Hmm? Oh, yes, that reminds me—how on earth does the microfluidics work at your body size? Surely, if your lungs are proportional to your body mass, the relative viscosity wouldn't—*oh!*" The distracted biologist released the fairy. "I'm sorry, I didn't realize I was squishing you."

The fairy panted for breath as she hovered mid-air. "You, uh... you aren't the Hero I was expecting to find."

"Yes, well, this isn't the afterlife I was expecting to find, either." She paused, looking around at the enchanted glade. "Wait, did you say that this place was called *fantasy Asia?*"

"No! It's Fantasia, not..." The pixie bobbed slightly, lowering closer to the ground. "Yeah, okay, it does sound like that, doesn't it."

"Well." Doctor Healrow folded her arms. "Not that I'm ungrateful to be alive, but I have places to be. I don't suppose you could send me back to where I came from?"

"Er... I don't suppose you're interested in defeating the Dark Lord first?"

"Tell you what—give me a sample bag and twenty-four hours, then send me back. I *promise* you I'll have half a dozen militaries bursting down your door to 'liberate' these lands from any Dark Lord you want."

The fairy paused. "That's, uh... that's not really the point of..."

"So you *don't* need that Dark Lord of yours conquered?"

"I—look, I'm supposed to guide you on a *journey*, not get things done in the most efficient way possible!" The fairy clutched at her hair in exasperation. "Oh, why couldn't I have just gotten a *normal* Hero for once?"

Doctor Healrow narrowed her eyes, considering the fairy.

Then she straightened up. "Alright! Sorry, you got me. Defeating the Dark Lord sounds like a great time! Tell me where to start."

The pixie's eyes shot open. "Really? *Wow*, I cannot tell you how much of a relief that is. Let me tell you the tale of Fantasia. Long, long ago, two mythical goddesses blah blah blah blah blah. Blah blah blah? Blah." Doctor Healrow tuned the fairy out as they began to walk.

None of the facts of this world added up yet, but Doctor Healrow was sure that they would soon. And the best way to gather more information would be to play along, for now. Hopefully, by the time she made her move, she'd understand the forces at play here.

After all, there was no better tool at understanding the world than science. And Doctor Healrow was a scientist to her core.

A.N.

Just a silly little one-shot. Let me know what you think, and check out r/bubblewriters for more!