"Okay, so how many fingers does Stewie have." I asked my daughter as she drained her second glass of chocolate milk.

"Ten." Hasia said, holding up all ten of her fingers, they were still sticky from the peanut butter and jam sandwich I'd made for her. "They're reeeeaaaallly pretty."


"Okay... ten." I said, taking the wet wipes I had brought along and cleaned her hands. We sat in the family study, the fire crackled in the fireplace as I ran down my mother's list of nefarious creatures that like to follow children around. I felt my stomach drop a bit as I scratched off anything from the fairy realms. Anything with that many claws wasn't trying to trick or beguile you, it wants your blood and organs... and probably your soul as well. "...ten's okay." I said, knowing damn well anything with eight or more claws means a call to the local parish, and then another call to the Vatican. "Now, how many eyes does Stewie have?" 

"Two." Hasia said, holding up her fingers. I couldn't help but smile. Ever since she finally learned how to count again she's been doing that. I tried to put aside my emotions and focused. Two eyes meant it could still be a monster, but it lessened the amount of demons by a considerable amount. Even the ones that can make themselves appear human usually have an abnormal amount of eyes somewhere. 

"What can you tell me about Stewie's eyes? Are they... scary? Bulbous? Do you see strange things when you look in them?" I said, looking at the list in anticipation. Hasia shook her head. 

"They're very nice. They're like mommy's eyes." 

"L-like mommy's?" 

"Mmmhm?" She nodded. I looked at the mantle piece, where a picture of our little family hung. My wife died two years ago. A car accident where I almost lost both of them. 

"Exactly like mommy's eyes, or was there something... strange about them?" I asked.

"No, they were mommy's eyes." She said, adamantly. She turned in her seat and pointed at our portrait. "Yeah, like that!" 

"Okay... ummm, baby, does Stewie have any fur, or a tail, sharp teeth, or maybe some horns? Tentacles?" I was scared of the last one. Tentacles meant slime, which meant a horrible clean-up, and a smell that wouldn't leave for months.

"Mmmm, she has horns, and her teeth can be scary sometimes, when she's angry... but she doesn't have any of those other things."  I set the list down, and put my head. Okay, so 'Stewie' is a woman, or at least appears to be one, has 'pretty' claws, horns, scary looking teeth, and the normal amount of eyes... which just so happen to resemblemy dead wife's. Oh, and of course, or COURSE, the damn thing is INVISIBLE. As if this shit isn't frustrating enough already. What is this thing a toulpa? No, toulpa need a group of powerful mages on serious amounts of drugs to be summoned. I WOULD just chalk it up to being Hasia's imagination. But imaginary things don't pour liquor down the sink, do laundry, mangle rabid coyotes, or write sealing wards around the house... in blood. I shuddered recalling the amount of strange shit this past week has yielded. I looked over the list again. There were VERY few things on the list that could shape-shift to look like a dead relative, copy their voice and mannerisms... but not their eyes. Not completely, at least. Horns had me back at demon, but the type that had horns are rarely talkative and get right down to possession and soul sucking. Hasia hasn't exhibited signs of either. Meaning mom's list is useless. I'll need to consult the archives. Hard to believe all of this has been going on for just a few weeks. What the HELL is following my daughter around, and giving me hell?

"Daddy?" I felt a small hand touch mine. "Stewie says you look very sad, and that I should give you a hug." My skin prickled. 

"Stewie's in here... right now?" I asked, looking up and around.

"Mhmmm. She said that you look very in troubled."

"You mean troubled?" 

"Mmhmm." Hasia wrapped her little arms around me as best as she could, and I instinctively hugged her back. But my mind was still on how ANY being, of any realm, could be standing in here. In THIS room. Any thought of consulting the archives went out the window.

"Hasia, baby, daddy has to go make some coffee... and prepare for our trip." I watched Hasia's eyes grow wide with excitement. 

"A trip? Are we going on a vacation?"

"Well, it's like a vacation." I said.

"I'll go get my pokemon suitcase!!!" She said, hurrying toward the door. 

"NO!" I felt myself cry out, as all the tension I'd been feeling exploded out of me all at once. Hasia stopped dead in her tracks, and I could tell I'd scared her. I'd never had to raise my voice at her. "I mean... I have something VERY important for you to do first." I rolled up my mother's list and stood up, walking over to the key cabinet I always kept locked. I undid the seven locks, peeled back a magical seal, and opened the doors. "Come here, Hasia, I have something to give you.". 

"What is it?" She asked, tentatively walking over to me.I smiled, and plucked a little silver key from its hook. I closed the doors, set the seven locks back into place, and replaced the seal, before I knelt down and presented the key to Hasia.

"Remember how I told you there are books in this room you're not allowed to touch?" She nodded. "Well, THIS, is a key for a book on how to summon unicorns." I watched fireworks bloom in my daughter's eyes as she reached for the key, only for me to pull it away. "Ah! You have to promise me something first."

"Anything! ANYTHING!" She said, looking ready to explode.

"No summoning one in the house, and I have to be there when you do. Can you promise me?"

"Ok! Ok!" God, she might ACTUALLY explode if I don't hand her this key.

"Okay?" I asked.

"Okay! I promise!" She squealed.

"Alright." I said handing her the key. She looked like I'd just given her the keys to a candy store, and shot past me towards the forbidden bookshelf. I smiled, watching as she began to search the shelves frantically. I closed the door as I left, and locked it for good measure, before I dashed downstairs for the kitchen. I used the white enameled phone I kept under the counter to call the Vatican first. I explained the situation, and they cleared me for operation. Next came the parrish, in Florida. The local one didn't have the right containment methods for unknown anomalies. I'd be putting myself at risk driving 12 hours with something I know jack-shit about, but this thing was attached to my daughter. All bets were off. The director for the Florida Institute said they'd be ready in the next 24 hours, and that I should prepare for the worst. I felt my stomach drop as I hung up the phone. I poured myself a scotch, drained it, then poured myself another, before looking towards the staircase. Up those stairs is the most spiritually secure room on the entire Eastern Seaboard. It contains nearly seven centuries of my family's knowledge of all things evil and inhuman; with another nine centuries from my wife's family. There are enough holy relics and artifacts in there that it could floor any monster, and would have even an arch-demon vomiting its organs up as it fazed in and out of existence. Hell, the wall studs are engraved with high enochian sigils. There's no way  something could be talking to my daughter while she's in that room. I sat down at the kitchen table, eyes still on the staircase. Then there's the fact that this THING has my wife's eyes. No being could completely replicate a human being's eyes. They always have an inconsistency. Whether it's the pupils or the shade. I looked at a picture on the wall of Elizabeth. Her eyes were a brilliant shade of aquamarine. Like a Caribbean sea. It was the only feature she shared with Hasia. She was the love of my life, and now some filthy creature was masquerading around with her eyes; trying to ensnare my child. I swear on every holy being and the one above all I will destroy this creature. I stood and started for the stairs. Don't worry Hasia, I'm going to save you from this thing. I barely made it up the third step, when the doorbell rung.



****To be continued****