The first time she came, it was Halloween, so I didn’t think much of it. At the time, it seemed a little peculiar, for it was nine in the evening, and there hadn’t been another knock on the door for at least an hour. The sounds of children’s laughter and shrieking had faded into the even more raucous sounds of parties getting underway in the distance and I had settled into the couch, thinking I wouldn’t have to move again much more tonight. I’d just moved into the neighbourhood and this was my first Halloween there, but I knew the routine. So the knock at the door had startled me with its unexpectedness. And I never really had the opportunity to become settled again.

Upon opening the door, it took me a moment to focus on the figure before me. By this hour, I wasn’t expecting another young visitor. Less so one who waited there in silence. 

“Hey there young lady, what can I do for you?” I asked after a pause. She wasn’t wearing a costume, at least not one I could recognise. Just a red dress with white polka dots, hair pulled up in a sort of bun at the top and back of her head. I squinted, Minnie Mouse maybe? 

She carried no bag or bucket, nothing to indicate she was roaming the neighbourhood to see what kind of sugar haul could be collected. Instead, she held out her hands, cupped slightly, almost as if holding a small, fragile butterfly. Looking from them, up to me, her eyes held a question but still, she said nothing. 

“Are you out trick-or-treating? Do you want sweets?” She nodded, almost imperceptibly, and I ducked back indoors towards the couch, where I’d moved the bowl when I thought my shift as lolly-bank-teller had ended for the evening. “Here you go,” I offered the bowl, but she didn’t move to take any. I took a handful and dropped it carefully into her hands. 

“It’s a bit late to be out still isn’t it? Are your parents or someone out here with you?” I scanned the darkness and shadows behind her. I couldn’t see anyone, but I couldn’t see much beyond the glow of the light illuminating the front porch. Even a large full moon didn’t seem to be able to make any of the gloomy shapes clearer. 

“Thank you,” was all that she said, and it was such a slight whisper that I almost didn’t hear it. 

“You’re welcome.” My response came out pinched as a cold gust washed across the doorway and made me shiver, the type that catches you by surprise and makes you feel like your muscles are clenching around your bones to brace against the chill. I brought my gaze back to focus on her and ask again if she had someone to watch out for her in the night, but she was already gone. I thought I saw a flicker at the edge of the shadows licking at the lamplight and took a half-hearted step to follow, more out of instinct than anything. Squinting into the evening, I couldn’t make out a thing in the space of my yard between the porchlight and the streetlights in the distance, and I just shook my head and went back inside. A strange young girl, but it was Halloween after all. That was as odd as my night got and I really didn’t think too much more of it.