The oceans were still. There was no wind to carry them, no currents to guide them.

“Nana. I’m scared,” the child said. “Where are we going?”

 They were on a relatively small boat, overcrowded with other refugees. The grandmother held the child close to her, she’d been scared herself. So scared that she couldn’t even think of a lie to tell the child and so she simply held him, his questions blocked by her embrace.

With no wind and with no currents, the oarsmen were left to paddle. The navigator had been killed days ago, leaving only vague instructions behind in his journal.

“Should you find that I have been killed, paddle to where the wind is weakest.” it read.

It had been four days since then, their food ran out and they had only half a day’s left of water left. Some of the sailors had been talking about throwing some of the refugees overboard. The captain was a young man, he hadn’t started the journey as a captain and neither did the captain before him.

Three days later, the small boat was no longer crowded. Each refugee had room to stretch their legs, to run if they had the energy. The sun didn’t set here in these oceans, the wind didn’t blow, the oceans did not move. There were no fish and no sight of life.

One of the oarsmen, Tirfal, had died of dehydration; he'd been the first to give up his right to water, wanting the boat’s children to have more of it. He rowed for the past month, taking only three breaks in that entire time. He refused to sleep, ate little, and drank less. Tirfal Nevab was a great man, the child decided. Maybe even the greatest.

“Nana,” the child said. “Can I take his name?”

The child asked within earshot of the boat’s captain and of the other oarsmen. The old lady looked to them for approval and they each nodded.

“Aye,” the old lady said.

When he took the name, he felt a little happier and he felt a touch stronger. Something caught his nose, a whiff of smoke blowing from the south. He stood up to look at where he thought he could smell the smoke and strained his eyes to find it, seeing nothing.

“What is it, boy?” the captain asked. He’d looked pale, thinning by the day as the starvation started to catch him when he slept.

“I smell smoke,” the child said. “From there.”

He pointed and the captain pulled out his binoculars to look.

“I see nothing,” the captain replied. He sighed.

“Jadri,” the captain said again after a few moments, “Take us southwards.”

The smell overtook the boy so strongly that he buried his head in the lap of his grandmother. The others could smell the smoke now and they saw an island, they smelled the smoke. There was no fire and there was still no wind. When they neared the island, they saw a beachside dock with boats a hundred times the size of theirs.

“Stop,” a voice said from the shore. The voice boomed, causing gentle waves to rock the boat.

“Jadri,” the captain said.

The rowing stopped and they waited for the voice to speak again.

“Why are you here?” the voice asked, again the waves rippled gently at the sound.

“Can they even hear us from here?” Jadri asked.

“We escaped from Gresos,” the captain said.  “War has broken there. We have lost many!” the captain yelled.

There was no response.

“If there is a Fallen among you, you may speak.” the voice said.

“We have many fallen!” the captain yelled.

Tirfal, the child, looked at the island and he at once knew what the Fallen were.

“We have only one Fallen,” Tirfal said. “I am Tirfal.”

It took no time for the wind to come in from behind them, it pushed them towards the shore. Every person in the boat was knocked down by the speed of it and they were soon beached. The captain regained his footing first. He looked at the men surrounding their boat, they held weapons far bigger than them. The smallest of their weapons eclipsed the boat they rode on.

“I was told that the inhabitants of this island are peaceful,” the captain said.

“You’re right,” one of the Fallen said. “We are peaceful.”

“Then might I ask for your assistance, I have children and elderly on board.” the captain said.

The Fallen clutched his axe and he carried it over the ship. No one had the strength to look at the blade and when he dropped it, Tirfal stood in between it and the ship. He caught the axe with two hands, blood splattering the island sand.

The Fallen laughed.

“Bleeding already?” he said, still laughing.

“I took the name recently,” Tirfal said. “This body is weak. Did you not say you were peaceful?”

“You are only peaceful if you’re capable of great violence. Otherwise, we would be considered harmless.” the Fallen said.

“Help these people,” Tirfal said.

And then the captain understood as well.

“You’re hiding here,” the captain said. “Afraid that others will take your power. I knew that our Tirfal wasn’t from Gresos.”

The other Fallen raised their weapons then, so high that it blocked the refugees from seeing the sun.

“Cowards,” Tirfal said.

The weapons dropped, killing the refugees - Tirfal’s grandmother, the captain, Jadri had all been stabbed or cut or worse.

Seconds later, Tirfal opened his eyes and struggled to raise his hand out towards the sun. He prayed and he cried. One of the Fallen grabbed his hands and lifted him out of the pile of bodies.

“No war will reach us here, child.”