Damnit, Rasputin! How DO you do it?

About a month ago I joined the court of King Hermon as a chef. The whole kingdom adores this man. People come in waves to see his Majesty and seek his consult. I personally hate the guy. One time he came to visit my village, and when he visited my family, he gave my wife some rather mischievous glances. When I heard a position had opened for royal chef, I pounced at the opportunity.

I'm glad my mother raised me in the kitchen -- the guards tell me they've never tasted food any greater! But their words pale in comparison to the things my king has said to me in these past few weeks!

Last week I found some cyanide and slipped it into his drink. By all accounts it was enough to kill; it was at least enough to knock out a concubine who happened upon his cup and passed out on his lap. He slept like a champ that night and woke up with a smile! "I'll take your bottle for my night dresser," he cackled to me at breakfast.

Yesterday I served the king nightshade AND hemlock in his wine, and he admired the flavor with a laugh! "I've never met someone so desperate to kill me," he reported after that.

And tonight, I'm cooking a feast to be remembered. While arranging the silver chalices, I took the golden one and sprinkled a generous dose of arsenic into the wine. We'll see what he thinks of that!

*****

Oh my Lord. This after-party is spectacular. But my mind is occupied. I'm watching Hermon with much anticipation, and suddenly he begins walking towards me with, somehow, an even bigger smile than I ever considered possible. He opens his arms to me and we embrace. In my ear, he whispers:  "Next time you make poison, make sure it really works. It was pathetic." I pull away to look at him. He's still smiling. He laughs and I have no choice but to sheepishly laugh with him. He tells me he's raising my already incredible salary, in order to buy more exotic "ingredients" to include in his meals.

It's a game now between us, then: I make a dish with as many crazy toxins as possible, and he gleefully scoffs it down until one day I'll be able to pay for the most devilish of substances. To be honest, I don't think I have the heart to hurt this man anymore. But I will be talking to him about his manners, for the next time he visits my home.