“It’s all gone,” said Jeb tossing his cigarette to the ground to stamp it out.
  

  
“Sure, is pretty, isn’t it,” said Jared.
  

  
“What?”
  

  
Jared and Jeb. Johnson and Johnson were what was written on their military name tapes. A common name, no blood between them, one stood there, and the other sat, both of them watching the sky. It was hauntingly beautiful, that hunk of rock eclipsing the moon as it flew thousands of miles an hour across the purple-hazed sky. Its trail of dust and bits of rocks like some magnificent mane crafted by the stars. Despite its cataclysmic trajectory, relativity allowed the world to watch it in a calming awe as it trailed across the sky.
  

  
The water of the river was calm, the sound soothing, the gunfire was gone, the yelling, the painful screaming of the causalities silenced by an atom.
  

  
Jared reached for his lighter and his pack of smokes, withdrawing them from the pouch a clip of ammo was supposed to be in. He took the lighter between his finger and flicked it open. He stuck the cigarette in his mouth to only drop it. Jeb watched as his friend struggled to keep the thing from sticking. Needing something, anything to go right in his life. Jared reached down and took the cigarette and lighter from his friend.
  

  
Jeb took a knee, nicotine and lighter in hand. “I don’t know how you can be so calm right now,” he asked Jared.
  

  
Jared looked up the best he could, struggling to keep his head from shaking. “I don’t know,” he said carefully. “I just am.”
  

  
Jeb plucked the cigarette from his hand and struck it between Jared’s lips. He pulled back on the flint of the wick lighter and sparked a flame onto the Marlboro Red. The thin white stick trembled beneath Jared’s lips as he vainly tried to inhale a puff. All the ashy white smoke filtered through his nose because Jared couldn’t lift his arms anymore to pull the tobacco away for a proper puff.
  

  
“There’s nothing left,” said Jeb taking a seat next to Jared across the bank of the Panama Canal.
  

  
Jared huffed a bit more ash through his nostrils. “That’s not true,” he said, mumbling through the cigarette. “That’s not true at all.”
  

  
“What’s left,” exclaimed Jeb, throwing his hands against the almost apocalyptic sky. “It’s all gone, the US, Canada, Mexico, most of Europe and Asia. All of it’s gone. Wiped away not by that thing that was supposed to kill us, but by us. We fucked up and we lost it all. There is no US government, no fucking army, air force, navy, or marines, all of it’s fucking gone. These uniforms we’re wearing don’t mean a damn fucking thing without any of that either. They're just a reason to be shot at.”
  

  
Jared dropped the Marlboro Red from his mouth, his irradiated scarred lips unable to hold it anymore. “I have you,” he said to Jeb Johnson.
  

  
“That’s a little gay,” Jeb snarled back.
  

  
“So,” said Jarred, “why does it matter. I have you, and that’s something. Take it straight or not. Jeb, I have you.”
  

  
“You’re dying from radiation,” said Jared burying his head in his knees. “And I probably have it too after you set off that nuke to blow the canal. Everybody’s going to probably have it come nuclear winter because we couldn’t keep our fingers off the button.”
  

  
The last of the meteor or the comet, whatever you wanted to call it, the two didn’t really know, passed the night sky. The ground shook and the purple of the cosmic visitor paled as orange and red corrupted the sky. Another mushroom consumed the horizon, followed by several more. Ninety-nine red balloons in the summer sky and all was gone.
  

  
“There,” said Jeb pointing to the sky, “see.”
  

  
“I still have you,” said Jared coughing up a bit of blood. “Something all of us forgot. Each other.”
  

  
Jared started to seize, unable to feel the warmth from the lack of skin he had. Jeb reached for Jared and Jared embraced Jeb. A large tidal wave of heat consumed the tree line across the river before ending the two of them.