It was in the middle of having some of the best sex of his life that Liam's life changed. 

All he could feel was the trail of kisses Gregory and his werewolf licks left on his back while Seth took control of his mouth, sharp vampire fangs making the experience addictive. Gorgeous Gregory behind him and Seductive Seth in front, both doing their absolute best to make him forget his name. 

It was here, while Liam was reminded that God was good and lived to bless his children, that he realized that two sets of mouths were nibbling on his neck. While he wasn't the type to shy away from a hickey or two, it was getting a little too intense and Liam could feel a too harsh sting. 

Touching his shoulders, his fingers came back red.

"Hey guys, maybe ease up on the biting?"

Two gorgeous faces looked up and smiled sheepishly. "Sorry" they said and gave him one hell of a kiss. Then he forgot everything else as they proved to Liam that bad boys really do bring heaven to you.

It was three months in what he could confidently say was the beginning of a lovely poly relationship that he felt something. A sort of nausea and stomach pain that had his two boyfriends fuss over him for the first day before staunchly pushing him to go to the doctor.

Now he was sitting on a plastic chair, in front of a doctor and he was left wondering if this was a good idea at all.

"What exactly is wrong with me?"

His friend Martha was currently not talking to him, too busy staring wildly at the results in front of her. Had been for the past 5 minutes. The elf doctor was unresponsive to any attempts to get her attention, so Liam settled for throwing a piece of candy at her head. 

"Ow! What the fuck?"

"You were ignoring me."

"I was not."

"Can you tell me what's wrong?" he begged. Because he'd been sick and vomiting for the past week and he did not want to find out he had a stomach bug on the day he was scheduled for a sea food buffet.

"Well, your results show...." she trailed off. Liam narrowed his eyes.

"You're afraid of telling me something."

She shook her head frantically. "No of course not!"

Liam just raised an eyebrow. "Then tell me the results."

Her intelligent response was, "Uh...."

"What's wrong Martha?"

"Nothing's wrong exactly!"

"Then stop evading the question."

"I'm not evading," she said evasively. 

After a couple of minutes of Liam staring her down, she sighed. Then asked something he completely did not expect.

"Did you come in contact with a werewolf and vampire recently?"

Liam blinked. "No? I mean, I'm not really sure?"

"Well, have you been bitten by anyone recently?"

Liam thought for a while, but came up with a blank. He shook his head, which made Martha look more distressed.

"Are you sure no one's bitten you before?"

Liam was about to nod when he was struck by a memory from three months ago when his two lovely boyfriends made a meal out of him. He couldn't help the blush on his face, which Martha latched on too quickly.

"Oh my god," she said. "You hooked up with them didn't you."

"More like they're my boyfriends now?"

"Oh my god. Liam! Did you let them bite you?!"

"Yeah, actually," he admitted. "But that's okay, they have to consciously give you their blood to make you turn right?"

"Yes, but you're a pureblood human."

"Why's that important?"

Martha rubbed her temples like she was trying to fight off a headache. Or maybe not punch Liam in the face. 

"Pureblood humans are so rare these days that most people can't tell them from halflings anymore. And it makes them forget that the lack of magical DNA makes for chaotic results when mixed with magic. If you were a the usual half-elf or half-vamp, nothing would have happened if they bit you. But now..."

The troubled look on Martha's face was really starting to scare him.

"Martha," he pleaded quietly, "what's going on?"

She looked up at him with serious gaze. Took a deep breath. Then said,

"Do you know about the omegaverse?"

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

The door opened to their shared apartment. Gregory and Seth looked up with twin smiles and a greeting on the tip of their tongue. They never got a chance when Liam threw twin plastic sticks in their faces. 

Sputtering, the vampire and werewolf duo looked up at a clearly irate Liam, then down on whatever he threw at them. Then blinked.

Because in their hands was two pregnancy tests. 

"YOU GOT ME PREGNANT YOU ASSHOLES!"

"WAIT WHAT?!"