"That's because, your kind is Pathetic. And also stupid" The vampire flashed a cold, slow grin, letting his gaze run itself down and across my budgeoning water sack of a body, right as my mind for some reason thinks "I'm back in middle school again"... and then he continues his voice a perfect cool pitch of measured quiet, twisting and hanging in the air in front of us like a fruit rotting between my eyes- 
" You can't even... Begin to Understand... the amount of Pain you're going to, well" He smiles again, seemingly warmed at the amount of pain I'm going to be in. "I swear, and cross my heart" he winks at me slyly, " By the time I pluck the Flesh from the bone of your eyes, there will exist nothing. Except all the fear you ever felt and all the fear you ever will... do you now understand or should we continue lady?".

"LADDYY?!!" The migraine slicing across my head pops  and  I stand tall, ignoring the wobbling in my knees and the sweat dripping from the pits of my overwashed cheap polyester uniform I'm forced to wear day in day out. It's all god gave me. I no longer care.

"Exxcuuuuse me? Mister VAMPIRE. First off, if you're gonna call me anything from your stinky rotten mouth, you best damn brush your teeth boy! They straight up look like corn! Second, it aint "LADY" SIR. It's a ma'am. Third, this is a Chilis....now I don't mean to cut your wonky ass ras-no poutin "goblin oh goule speech" short. but my shift ended FIVE minutes ago. I got sciatica running up and down my legs like you woul believe and today for some reason I kept pissin blood!? My kid-sister says it's all the beet juice she's been sneakin into my cereal. Like I NEED A DAMN VEGETABLES IN MY MINI WHEATS??. CRAZY. Lord help her. But YOU! Comin in ere— MY CHILIS? Well you out of your mind and I'll damn kick yo rotten appled ass if I please— Lord forgive me". 

With that I leap! I launched myself at him. 290 pounds, I wouldn't know. I dont go to no doctor. Chili's insurance, and those managers crazier than any vampire I've ever seen. But I've been killin rude people since I was five. I reckon a vampire's no different than anyone without any manners. 

Now we're fightin! I jumped straight and got him square to the ground. Heathe— the mouthy teenager always in the back givin me crap throws me the dial phone. The vampire starts to laugh and hiss and open his mouth. Too soon to tell but I think he's winnin! I grab it easy. I didn't raise four boys to not learn how to catch anything my way and I pop him slick across his pretty boy face with our rotary phone, slam it down straight into his nose. Into his face. Into those ugly deviled teeth. He keeps going so I choke him with the wire. Shove the plastic deep into his throat. He cracked it swiftly in half and he's clawing up and down my arms but I got him. It's easy to beat anyone doing anything when you outweigh em like I do, and boy I do. 

Five minutes later, Heathe hands me a cheap small Chili's cup of lemonaide. We don’t look at each other as he shrugs"Well the good news, we got it on camera. The bad news... it's on Reddit".