Stephen Post stood on one of the universe’s biggest stage. Though every seat was filled, there was surprising quiet, broken only briefly by hushed whispers brimming with anticipation. The electricity in the air could probably power a lithium-ion battery fit for a spaceship.

“Ladies and gentlemen,” Stephen said, a wry smile the only colour on his simple, black outfit. “We humans are terribly lucky to be at this conference. I only made it myself because General Zexus of the Zeratonians helped move Earth a little closer to the drop zone, where President P’li’nko of the Proset picked us up in a FTL ship.”

There was a smattering of cheering. Both the general and the president, who sat in the front row, beamed proudly.

“We’ve been a late addition to the intergalactic party, as it turns out. We thought our world big, when the universe has only become smaller. We know now that we can transport worlds, or to other worlds, faster than the blink of an eye.”

Stephen paused, strolling to the side of the stage. He picked up a water bottle, and sipped slowly. Meanwhile, not a single strand of hair or antenna moved. Stephen smiled again—there was no feeling quite like this, where everybody hung off your every word.

“But as you esteemed individuals know, even latecomers to the party can offer up more than expected. And with the humans, there was the smartphone.”

Stephen breathed deeply. Ah, even the scent of expectancy was sweet.

“My galactic neighbours,” Stephen said, pointing to the screen. “Here’s one of the greatest devices we’ve ever made—the iPhone!”

Like a storm releasing its pent-up passions, a thunderous applause clapped through the arena. It built and built, refusing to calm down, and Stephen could only wait for everything to die down with a grin.

“Great job, Stephen,” the gruff voice in Stephen’s ear crackled. “Got them eating right out of your hands.”

“Of course, General White,” Stephen whispered. “Think they but it?”

“That we are about 50 generations past the first iPhone? Bah. There’s a reason all their ships use buttons. A touchscreen is leaps and bounds ahead of anything they ever knew.”

“And that gives us an advantage,” Stephen said, still waving his hand politely. There seemed to be no signs of the storm abating.

“A tactical one, no less,” General White said. “Let them have their terrifying fighters that can shoot from lightyears away. We’ve got a much better way of ruining their lives.”

“A smartphone, of course,” Stephen said. “That’ll teach them.”

“Of course it will,” White snapped. “This is soft power, lad. Even I know that. Just do your job and continue selling the phone.”

“Sure,” Stephen sighed, still waving a hand.

“Social media? Check. Games? Check. Cameras for spying? Check,” White said. “Get these devices into the hands of every alien out there. And trust me, an overwhelming victory does not need to be won through bloodshed—this is our battlefield.”

---

r/dexdrafts