Everyone always is scared of necromancers. I can't blame them, really. All you see in media is that risen dead are just zombies under total controll of the evil guy, no memories, no personality, no senses other then murderous intent.

And here i am, in the world of superpowers, where anyone can one day wake up and realise that they are now unique in some way.

I don't really know when exactly i got this ability, but how i found out about it, on the contrary, i remember in full, every moment of it. You may ask now, why am i unshure when i got this ability but know when i realised that i have it? Here's a short version.  
I couldn't realise that i had ability to raise the dead until i would actually raise the dead, isn't that simple and obvious?  
Yes, but the problem lies in how often do you touch the dead bodies?  
You are probably thinking that never unless it is someone from your family that died or you are working in a morgue. And you would be right, but there's a problem. How often do you just swat at some annoying insect? Yeah, that's right, always. You slap it and kill it.  
Same thing happened to me, i would slap an insect, and it would either fly away as if i missed or it would keep trying to flap it's wings while still being a little dot of gore. Of course i interpreted those insects as if i missed or as a flaping in a dying agony, nothing suspicious, right? Absoulutely.

And only in hind sight i can understand that that was my ability acting up.

Finally we are comming close to the moment when i found out about my ability.

It was a warm summer evening, sun was almost setting, the sky was clear, there even was a nice breeze which was had just that perfect type of cool to it. A perfect evening for many people actually. And there i was, walking on the street, technically a teen, but still a kid at the soul.

With a whistling melody on my tongue and a little hop in my step i was walking down the street. All was good untill a car zoomed right beside me, surprisingly without grazing me, it was obvious that there was a problem with the driver. That near death expirience pumped an excessive amount of adrenaline in my blood, there was so much of that stuff that seemingly time itself stopped while i was running to the crashsite, just an odd 40 feet away and at the same time taking out my phone and dialing 911 to call for help.  
To this day i have no idea why my mind was so cold and sharp at that moment, there were no traces of panic or horror at the moment, only steel cold thought of plan. Call for help and try to get anyone out of the burning wreckage.  
Actulally, when i was running and had a moment of free thought about the situation, i wrote my callmness of as something that comes after the situation was analysed. And how'd i already analysed the situation and also was running with the world seeming as in a slow motion? That's right, i finally got a power. A Super Speed!

Oh, how naive i was... I got the power, yes, but not actually the speed, no reality was a lot worse. Well, it depends...

Anyway, i got to the car and took out both passengers without any problem, those idiots didn't even wear a safety belts. Then i layed them down on the ground on their sides, because in my mind i had a feeling that their lungs were damaged and now filling with blood, and i was somehow right about that.

Then came three minutes of agonising wait in which i had enough time to look at the deadmen. Eh, sorry, a dead man and a dead woman, as i would later find out a boyfriend and a girlfriend. But in all honesty, noone can blame me for missjudging that one, because both of their faces were lacerated with shatered glass with addition of being fully covered in blood and also, that girl's chest was as flat as a board.

All that time i held onto them, so they wouldn't fall down from their poses. And all that time i could swear that i feelt all of their insides shifting. Right untill the ambulance came. After that i let them go, said my suspicions towards raptured lungs, which turned out to be true after someone with x-ray vision from the truck looked at them, and just as they were being strapped in the medvan, police came with the sirens.  
Took half an hour to fill all the paperwork as a whitness, asked to get notified about their state and was sent back home with one cop acompanying me.

All in all, that day wasn't that bad.

Next day i would wake up to the message that they are totally ok, both of them. Both are stable, and are getting better, which was a mirracle for  the doctors because their scans showed that those two should be dead, because noone survived such internal injuries before.  
That moment i got my suspicions. And i had to experiment.

A rat from a micetrap here, a recently hunted down bird with bitten out piece of it's belly there, another bird fried to the chrisp on the powerlines, a skeleton of a fully eated mice... There were more, but with time i would perfectly calculate that i wasn't in fact healing the wounds, nor was i keeping them alive untill they healed. No.  
I was raising the dead.

And so, here i stand before the recruiting oficer, he is one of those who either take people with powers to a special school for super heroes, or "neutralise" them so that they wouldn't become a super vilain. Well, they didn't say exactly that, but it was obvious at that point.

My problem was in that, that he saw on his "magical tablet" that i had some kind of superpower.

And so... Here i stand. Trying to rapidly find an answer to his question of what my power is, so that i wouldn't be killed on the spot with a reason that another cooking vilain was stopped...