I do not know how this started nor do I know why. I was studying for my board exam. My eyelids drooped as I read page after page of my human anatomy. The bed called for me and I answered. Rest I thought as the time ticked to half-past ten p.m. on the clock. It just happened out of the blue under the covers on my bed. I slept and  when I woke, things have  changed.

My dark grey ceilings have shifted into lavender ones. The scent of books was replaced with the scent of roses. My head ached and as I reached up to cradle my head I saw my thick arms had turned into thin ones. There was a weight in my front and I could not feel the morning issues. I stood up carefully cradling my head and went to find a mirror.

"A girl," I thought, "I turned into a girl!" I stared into the unfamiliar cerulean eyes and honey blonde hair, stupefied by who this was. A name whispers into my ear. Blair? Was it her name? I? I am Blair? I fainted. I woke up in the afternoon to concerned brown eyes.

"Hey," he said softly, "You okay princess?"

I looked at him strangely and opened my mouth, "Yes daddy. Am fine."

I was stunned. Daddy? He stood up from my bed saying, "That's good. You've been having fever since Saturday. It was kinda worrying to see you on the floor." Fever? Bla- I mean I was sick?

"Get some rest, you can start eating after," my dad said leaving the room. So I did and once again everything changed.

From the lavender ceiling to the bright blue skies. I stared up above and then I felt it. The painful pang of thirst. I carefully stood up and saw that I was near a river. There I came closer to drink and saw a different face. One filled with grime and dirt. I drank deep and soon I felt my thirst quenched. Standing again, I saw that there was nothing around me but the river and trees for miles. How did I get here? Having nothing to do, I walked onward hoping to find any signs of civilisation. It was only when night fell and sleep came to me again that I start to see the pattern.

The day never changed I figured on the tenth loop. I always wake up at the same time albeit always a different person I understood after like the fourth different person I woke up as. I would sleep or just be knocked out at the same time also which I figured out on the fifteenth try. On and on this pattern went and I had already lost count on which loop it was.

Soon each life blended with one after the other and I knew not what loop it already was. Was it the thirtieth or the hundred fiftieth one already? Whose life was I gonna be in again? Over and over again I woke up as a different person. I felt so many different things with every loop giving me a new experience and perspective.

"Thank you for everything grandpa!" a woman (*Sarah, you've grown so much*) cried out to me holding my hand as I lay on the hospital bed. The smell of bleach and the slow beeping of the heart monitor filled my senses. I could see the many members of this man's family surrounding the bed. I opened my mouth to speak only for Sarah to cry harder.

"It's okay dad," this time an older male (*Lou, my boy, stand straighter and stop crying*), "You don't need to speak. Just... rest there."

A kid asks, "Is gramps gonna be okay?" (*Is that Michael? Calling me gramps, you rascal*)

"Dear you should have been eating more vegetables I tell you," my wife (*Lizzie, still as beautiful and strong since the day I met you*)*.*

On and on their last words came forth and I heard every single one of them. Soon my eyes start to close and I could hear the wails of sorrow echo into the darkness.

"Congratulations it's a girl!" I heard faintly the doctor announce. It hurts everywhere and the lights blinded me.  My water broke earlier in the morn and I had been in the hospital since then.

"Let me see my baby," I asked and soon she was handed to me, bundled up in white. I saw her, the beautiful brown tone of her father and the red hair from me.

"She's perfect," I hear whispered beside me and I looked up to this silhouette who I instinctively smiled at.

I answered, "She is isn't she?"

Love and awe bloomed in my chest as I looked again at my baby- our baby. Soon I felt my eyes tire and I fell asleep feeling the tiny beats of the heart beside me.

These loops I have makes this all a blessing yet a curse.  Joy and sorrow. Love and anger. Hope and despair. I felt them- experienced them.

I was John who ran in the field with his high school sweetheart.

I was Emily who ate her meals alone in the empty mansion for her birthday.

I was Sasha who watched over her kids laughing and playing along with her husband.

I was Hikaru who had a divorce as the love of his life had an affair with several men.

All of these people, I've lived through. So many different lives seemingly an eternity yet it was only one single day.

I had been Juan who was making a sand castle in the playground. Only for it to be destroyed by another kid who tripped.

I had been Emir who was flying a plane to Dubai. It took twelve hours and I soon landed only to be arrested for smuggling.

I had been Jeanne who was an Uber driver in Paris. Driving around, looking for my client the entire day only to be cancelled.

The loops might have already reached the millions. In fact, loops have already started to be connected to one another.

I remember being that lady already down the street.

I remember being the doctor who monitored me during labor.

I remember being the hitman who killed me.

Time seem to be frozen for me as I stare at the five a.m. readings to the eight a.m. readings in different time zones yet still in the same frame. The constant change from the sweet darkness of sleep to the bright new day of a different life.

What life will I go though next?

What pains will I suffer again?

Will there be hopes and joys?

Or is it simply sorrows and despair?

Who knows? If I ever find out, I will be sure to post it again here.