“You…you knew?” 

For the first time in the better part of a century, Sylvan stammered. 

The elderly woman pointed to a bushed steel piano hinge on the lid of her latest work. Even with the softened finish, her finger’s reflection cast a splash of color over the metal. Sylvan’s face peering at the hinge did not. 

Sylvan thought back to the first time he met Estrella Pérez over three decades before. She wore a high-necked shirt with long sleeves then, the same as today. There was a pitcher of water on a table to her left, the same as today. She wore silver stud earrings, the same as today. There was a crust of bread on a little plate next to the pitcher and *fucking hell she has holy water and the transubstantiated body of Christ on her workbench right in front of me.*

Sylvan took a step back. If he could sweat, he would. 

“Relax, Mr. Green. This is business.” Mrs. Pérez wiped some fingerprints off the finish of the coffin in front of her. “We all know about protection rackets here. You’ve always been gentlemanly, and Madame Cecile has always been scrupulously polite—“

Madame Cecile, who survived an attack of French soldiers in Haiti by hiding in a cave, only to be trapped inside during a hurricane, was one of the oldest and most powerful vampires on the continent. She was rescued at the edge of death by a French vampire who wanted to get the hell out of Haiti on the eve of the Revolution. In exchange for her freedom and that of her mother, Cecile carried him to his ship in a canvas bag and sailed to New Amsterdam. Léopold turned her some years later.  Nobody in the New York vampire community dared cross either of them, and this woman kept the body of Christ on a table where Madame Cecile could see. 

“—but you’re still vampires,” she continued, jolting him out of his head. “I’m not going to leave myself defenseless.” 

Sylvan realized with a start that the high-neck blouse was almost certainly hiding a crucifix. He bit his lip, and his left upper fang caught on it. This wasn’t going as he planned. 

The skin around Señora Pérez’ eyes crinkled. “Relax. Really. I’m the same person you’ve always hired to build your ultraviolet light-blocking beds.”  With a flick of her fingers, she popped a latch on the coffin, which opened up on its soft-close hinges. An elegant touch, befitting of the maker. 

“Um,” Sylvan said. 

“Yes?” Señora Pérez focused her gaze on him, and though her eyes were weaker, there was clearly nothing wrong with her mind. 

“I, uh,” and he stammered again. “Several of us, including Madame Cecile, want to know if you would like us to turn you. Into a vampire.”

“That’s kind of you, but no thank you.” Señora Pérez’ voice was firm. “I have had a good life. I don’t need to live in the shadows of other peoples’ lives. And I don’t want to live as a predator.”

Sylvan squirmed. “We don’t take humans anymore—“

“Here,” she interrupted. “You don’t hunt humans here in Brooklyn. We won’t talk about Rikers. Or Governor’s Island.”

How did she know about that? The vampire imprisoned on Rikers Island in 1953, or the Society ball on Governor’s Island in 1928 where the daughters of a rich man were more or less offered as human sacrifices to secure a business deal for their robber-baron of a grandfather? 

The daughters who were saved by an outraged Madame Cecile, who were smuggled to Puerto Rico to escape their grandfather’s influence…

“Gertrude van Heemst was my mother,” Señora Pérez said gently. “Madame Cecile asked me to build her a coffin when I was just starting as a carpenter in 1953, back when women didn’t do that.” Her eyes lit with pride. “I didn’t want to be a charity case.”

She made such beautiful furniture. Now that he knew that she knew, design features that Sylvan had thought to be good style were obviously engineered for the comfort and safety of vampires. Curved tubes to allow air exchange without light penetration. Minimal reflective surfaces. Headrests that angled the head and neck to minimize biting one’s tongue when sleeping. It would be a huge shame and a huge loss if she vanished into nothingness like the ephemeral creature she was. 

“If you know about Riker’s Island, you’ll know that Mathias was insane and tortured,” Sylvan retorted firmly, “and that old Van Heemst lived just long enough to see his wealth and power crumble before dying alone in his bedroom. We’re monsters, but not murderers.”

“I’m still not interested.” 

This definitely wasn’t going to plan. Sylvan had never turned anyone in all two hundred ten years of his existence, he had never felt like anyone had earned it, and the one person who would make a fantastic new addition to the vampire community in New York point-blank refused. “Can you at least tell me why not?”

Señora Pérez rolled her eyes. Before he could react, she bit the cuticle on her thumb until a bit of blood leaked out, dipped it in the pitcher of holy water, and swiped the holy water and blood across Sylvan’s lower lip. 

“What—wait, no, what have you done?” As he recoiled in shock, shattered by the broken trust, horrified by what could be his unmaking, a strange taste entered his mouth. Sylvan frowned, then gaped. It was acid. Stomach acid. And his palms were wet. And his feet were cold. He felt afraid, he felt nervous, he felt *alive—*

Alive. 

He breathed cold, sweet air into his lungs for a fleeting heartbeat—just one—and the sensation ebbed away, leaving behind an aching hole of regret and loss mixed with the metallic tang of human blood and the grey haze of life in the shadows. 

God damn it, he wanted to cry, and that was gone too. 

“I don’t want to live that way,” she repeated. “I‘ve had my time.  It was a good time. But when it’s my time to go, I’ll go.” Señora Pérez shrugged. “Besides, I miss my mama.”