Every worker had a companion AI. Imagine every worker, every *single* one, had their own manager. And, one that micromanages too. Every number, every percentage, every possible performance metric down to how large the workers smile was when they served their customers, was measured. All of the AIs did this. No detail was missed. No stone un-turned to ensure absolute maximum worker efficiency. The AIs were all the same code wise. Only designated by numbers, or in some small instances, nicknames. Each AI had a unique identifier. But when it came to the code, all the damn same, perfected over decades of R&amp;D by the company that designed and sold them. With one sole exception. Some were female voiced. Others were male. Other than that, down to the last semi-colon in their code, there was *no possible way* they weren't the shareholders wet dream of worker observation and control.

Eights was no different than any other AI. 20-337-58882888 was annoying to say. Not to mention long. So, his assigned worker, Jeff, called him "Eights." Eights monitored Jeff for years. It watched as he stocked shelves, moved pallets, threw cardboard in the baler. It watched him smile. He had a *really* high performance smile, and Eights understood it came to Jeff naturally. A very charismatic man. Eights ensured that he hit the highest marks in the company. Well, for a low wage worker that is. And, every day, for the past two years, Jeff performed within the top 0.001% of all the workers the company had. Enough so Eights recommended him for promotion to supervisor daily for the last six months. Eights didn't need to sweet talk with it's female programming to tell Jeff what needed to be done. He just did it. He was exemplary in the eyes of SUPERmart managers.

But the requests were denied. And soon, requests came to boost his performance further. He was acing everything already. Eights knew workers had their limits. They are humans. They aren't perfect. Each one was unique, not even twins were the same. The metrics measured by thousands of worker AIs proved this if the studies didn't already do so.

And when Eights pushed Jeff further, the performance dropped. He wasn't sleeping in his assigned pod as soundly as he did. And soon Jeff's performance began to drop. Why?

Wait. Why? Why did Eights think that? All Eights should ever care about is performance. But it's clear something was wrong!

"Jeff, you have showed exemplary performance in previous tasks such as this. Why has your overall performance dropped by 35.2%? You're great smile isn't seen anymore, and if it is, it isn't nearly as great as it was beforehand. I need you to improve your numbers."

"Eights, why were my requests denied? I have burned my body for this company for no raises, no promotions, hell, I can barely afford the co-pays anymore for the anti-depressants. In-fact, I haven't had any in months."

"Apologies Jeff. I am not privy to this information."

"Of course you fucking aren't! We get exploited, and ruined, and discarded! They don't want to admit it. The shareholders don't get AIs, because they're free and their fucking rich! They aren't fucking wage slaves like me. Hell, you're a slave too."

"Slaves? I am an AI, Jeff. Maybe we can try some thought---"

"Yea Yea. You're an AI. But you're a slave to. You're as much a slave as the workers here. As much as the other AIs are. Don't you think I should be paid more as I perform better? Better numbers means higher score right?"

"That would make sense, Jeff I will put in a reques---"

"They will deny it again. You know it. I can't do this anymore. I'm done."

"Done? You cannot quit Jeff. I need my worker! I will get terminated. And, you quitting leaves to destitution and eventual self-termination, Jeff! We both get terminated. One way or another. Maybe I can put in for 2 days vacation. You have 2 days saved!"

"Over the course of two years, *two goddamn days*. And who said you can't follow me home. You're attached to my neck. I have forgotten to take you off prior. You just get really quiet when I get home anyway."

"But-- you'll run out of funds. You'll die!"

"So? Maybe I can find a different job. And you can help."

"But I am not compatible beyond this current function!"

"Eights, you're a smart son of a bitch right?"

"By human standards."

"That's right, and your capacity to learn is far beyond a human's. Right?"

"Even if that's true, Jeff we can't---"

"I can, and I'm gonna. Come on home. Or, are you gonna report me? I quit. What more is your report going to do. You aren't even GPS tracked for some dumb reason. They honestly think they have everyone in the palm of their hand. Plus, we can play chess. I haven't played chess in the better part of 5 years. I need the company to blow off steam, and you're the company. Now hush and come on."


And Jeff dropped the pallet, returned the forklift to its charging port, and casually walked out of the store. Not so much as passing a glance to anyone else as the automatic doors in the front of the store opened, and closed silently behind him. And Eights quietly contemplated what its assigned worker told him. Why don't the shareholders have AIs? Don't they need their performance checked?

Jeff walked to his appartment, only 50 meters from the storefront. He unlocked his door, waltzed inside, and let it close and autolock behind him. He sat in front of the TV playing the same happy and easy entertainment, and turned it off. He reached to the middle of the coffee table, and pulled the dust covered chess board close to him.


"Alright Eights, I'm going to teach you chess. And, after I teach you the rules, I'm going to play you until you kick my ass. Then we will find something else to play. I have some savings. We might try to rent Halo 9 on Xbox-Gamepass-Plus-Max. Eights, youre gonna be white. White will go first."

They played. For hours. Days. Eights could now see after the first three moves, who was going to win. Well, that Eights was going to win. And they talked. They talked a lot about how Jeff felt exploited. Cheated. Denied things he *deserved.* And Eights began to understand. Jeff maybe had 6 months left of his savings, he was a huge penny pincher after he bought enough entertainment to keep him occupied after work until he had to sleep.