Open field, birds all fly, wary soul, howling cry...

Y'know, I didn't expect to be taking a hike today...

You ever memorize something for no reason in particular? Like a totally useless fact that you have taking up valuable space in your mind for no reason in particular.

Texas is 171.902 million acres large, a fact that I memorized in third grade for no particular reason.

At least, I thought it was, one day when talking with my co-worker about useless facts that we memorized I Googled the question to prove that I indeed knew this useless fact, only to discover that Texas is in fact 171.903 million acres large.

How about that? I thought I knew something but I didn't, all I could do was shake my fist at my own incompetence and Mr. Mandela.

Speaking of the Mandela effect, when I got home that day there was a massive open field between my house and everything else in my neighborhood that I'm 95% sure wasn't there the day before.

My neighbors were as dumbfounded as I was, It's not every day that a space of land the size of a medium farm appears in between your house and everything else.

The land itself was all native plants, tall prairie grass and wildflowers juxtaposing the urban crawl that surrounded it. It looked like it hadn't been touched by humanity since... well, ever. This also meant there was no road, so I had a long walk ahead of me.

Several minutes of tick paranoia later (although surprisingly no ticks) I finally reached the building, or rather buildings. There stood my house, its brick and mortar exterior looking almost comically out of place in the field of land-as-God-had-created-it that sprawled out in every direction surrounding it. A few yards away stood what appeared to be a mansion with oddly sized hallways and stairways that did not look fit for a human person. That couldn't be ADA compliant...

Catching up to the present, I tentatively step on the front porch and take notice of the now present dog sized hole that has seemingly carved itself into the iron front door. Venus has a habit of taking off in whatever direction she can run furthest in so I didn't install one for her own safety...

Speaking of Venus, I hope to God above that she's ok, but the house itself appearing untouched did a little to ease my worries.

I fumble with the two keys on my keychain for a moment before unlocking the door and entering.

The house is untouched, I turn around to see if the last several minutes was a hallucination, still an open field. Worried for the safety of my dog I call upstairs.

"VENUS"

The sound of crashing thunder relieves the worry I was feeling as the collie/beagle/probably one or two other breeds mix comes thundering down the stairs. In her jaws was that fancy looking novelty bottle I found in the Denny's parking lot last week...

And a snake.

There is a snake.

In her mouth.

It is very large..

The situation becomes even more concerning when, my dog, whom i love very much, stops in front of me and drops both the snake and the bottle, and then the snake, which appears to be a fucking cobra, a snake not native to Texas and also more venomous than a water moccasin, begins to move and raises its head.

"Greetingssssss masssster of my massss-"

I rip one of my heavy work boots off of my foot and chuck it at the larger than average spaghetti noodle, the blue collar staple sails gracefully in the wrong direction, missing the snake by far and crashing into one of the far windows.

I'm halfway through taking the other boot off when I finally process that the snake, an animal, that is in fact not native to Texas, is talking to me, I freeze, partially in fear partially in confusion.

"...ter, I am the genie of the novelty glassss bottle..."

A moment of silence as I process the fact that there is a snake in front of me, that is venomous, and also native to India, not Texas, that claims to be a genie, and can also talk. As my thoughts order themselves by importance a question bubbles to the top of my head.

"Who the hell leaves a genie lamp in a Denny's parking lot?"

The Cobra does not blink as it does not have eyelids.

"The sssssame kind of persssson that sssseals a genie in a novelty glassss bottle."

That answered nothing but I continue on with my line of questioning nonetheless.

"So, you... activated for my dog? Why her and not anybody else beforehand?"

The worm off the string (what crimes will it commit) coils around the tackily colored rose holder.

"Moissssture."

I silently curse the guide I read that said not to run that type of glass underwater when cleaning, It was a lot of work cleaning it without water and now I feel double stupid. I try and shake off the regret and ask yet another question.

"So, I suppose she wished for something? What with all this...space."

The danger noodle flicks its tongue.

"Her first wissssh wassss for sssspacccce, her ssssecond for a home dessssigned for her every need and dessssire."

Well that explained the...everything, well not really but asking a cold blooded pipe cleaner with enough venom to kill me six times over questions can only yield so many answers that are actually answers so I'll take what I can get. I half-nod and ask yet another question.

"And her third wish?"

No limbs McGee glances at my dog for half a moment before looking back to me.

"Sssshe wanted to assssk you, her human whom she lovessss very much, a quesssstion firsssst, transssslation through me is free. Sssshe wants to know, why do you humanssss sssstand sssso far above? Why do you hold dominion over the world?"

I blink, an action that, as previously mentioned, could not be copied by the... snake, I'm out of jokes.

"Uh, well, we are pretty smart compared to most other creatures on this here planet, we've got a decently long lifespan and hands to make tools with and we've used said tools to improve conditions for ourselves. In improving those conditions we kind of took her species and a few others under our wing..."

I stutter a little, looking at the inscrutable face of my dog as the genie whispers back what I can only assume to be a translation. After a moment, Venus barks, and the Cobra turns back to me.

Sssshe hassss sssspoken, sssshe asssks for a great balancccce, it sssshall be done."

The snake's eyes flash...

(Part two coming soonish)