Reed stared out into the distance while his best friend drove the Range Rover. Ever since the incident they had been meeting every week. Running a kind of status update, a debrief of what happened in the last week. Simone used to be his CO back in the army, so this was more of a force of habit than anything else.

She wore a look of disapproval which deepened when she realized that Reed was clearly not listening. " ... HEY!! I AM ASKING YOU A QUESTION, ASSHOLE!"

"What?", he sighed resigned to the tongue lashing that was all too familiar to him.

Simone continued to alternate between glaring at him balefully and looking back at the road  as she replied, " You are beginning to catch more attention." Last week i had 3 kids show up as Knifedge. We agreed. You don't want to be a bigwig. Its not safe for the world to know everything about your ability"

"I really cant help it if the kids think i am cool. and beside with what i have displayed so far and what i have said to the world at large, no ones gonna get an idea of what i can do",Reed replied dismissively. He had initially presented himself as a small level crime fighter whose powers where more suited to antivillian intervention as opposed to search and rescue work.

As he got more famous people began to get a little more curious about him and his abilities. After he was involved in an incident involving the serendipitous rescue of a Swedish princess from a mass shooter, he became something of a super hero A Lister. He was named a friend and protector of Sweden, had dinner with the Royal Family and made an appearance on their late night show Skavlan.

" Its pretty boring actually. I developed my abilities during deployment. I had an affinity for knifeplay and learnt how to throw them, and i really look up to my personal hero Jumper. What i ended up getting was a boring mix of the two. I have the ability to teleport to a knife that i have touched in the last 24 hours. I mean it has some fun uses like seeing how high i can go while throwing a knife higher up with each blip, but it is also incredibly limited. "

He knew why she was angry .... the lie was close enough to the truth that it could lead to someone devising a counter strategy against him. however he was not worried. His powers essentially made him invulnerable