Rebecca stood behind the counter of the local cafe she had only recently been hired at. Three weeks on the job so far, it wasn't the greatest job, it didn't pay well, but at this point she was getting desperate for any form of income. She had been through 6 jobs in the last five months, all of which were for the same reason, excessive unexcused absences.

When she got this most recent job, she may have lied to her manager, claiming that she was deaf in one ear, to get away with wearing what she told him was a hearing aid, but in truth was actually a radio receiver, tuned in to the local police waves.

She wore a fake smile, as she served the customers, doing her best to listen in to the calls that were coming in, trying to filter out what was and wasn't of high priority, a fire downtown, no one expected inside still, fire department can handle that. A fight broke out in the local bar, the police can handle that one. This went on for the majority of her shift, until about an hour before she was done, a new call came through that caught her attention "Super Villain Spitfire has taken Mayor Winsley hostage and is making demands outside of the capital building, all available units requested to respond, special forces and.." she didn't need to listen to anymore, she needed to respond to this.

She grabbed her things and shouted to her boss "I need to go, family emergency!" to which a harsh voice spat back "Don't you dare, if you even think of leaving, you can forget about coming back, three weeks you've been here and already five times you've left early." she stopped at the door for a moment, a frown on her face, she needed the job, her mind went to the several hospital bills she was late on..being a hero didn't exactly come with health insurance..and it sure as hell didn't pay..but she couldn't just stand by and do nothing. "I...I'm sorry..I have to go.." she responded in a weak voice before rushing outside.

She made her way to the nearest alley, looking from one end to the other, making sure no one was looking her way, before her bright  blue eyes began to glow with a light icy blue light, a cold mist ran down her body, as an armor of ice began to form around her, covering her casual clothes, as well as for a mask that covered her face from the nose down, her hair slowly changed from a jet black color to a similar icy blue to match her eyes, the glow of which remained constant for as long as her powers were in use.

Rebecca began running down the street, making ice form beneath her feet, which she rode down the sidewalk, it was thin enough that it would melt away almost immediately, to not be too much of an inconvenience to the people of the city, but enough to easily triple her standard running speed. As she sped along, she heard a citizen shout out "Hey Frostwave, fuck you!" she looked in the direction of the individual, a grimace of pain at the works crossing her face. She recognized  the person actually, it was someone she saved from a burning building a couple weeks ago, who was trying to sue her for frostbite he had received from her powers during the rescue. Her mind screamed at her to yell back 'You'd be dead if not for me!' but nothing came out, she was unfortunately getting use to people shouting similar things at her, and to be honest, her spirit was breaking apart quickly from the near daily abuse she heard, from the people she was trying to protect.

A little thanks would go a long ways, but she never received it, she was buried in debt from hospital bills from injuries received fighting super villains, she couldn't hold a job to save her life, and her mental health was starting to sink into dangerous levels from the constant verbal abuse. She had spent several long nights considering throwing in the towel..but every time she heard a call of another super villain causing trouble, she couldn't help but respond.

Lost in her thoughts, she barely realized that she had arrived at the capital building. There she found a massive circle closed off by police officers, holding back civilians trying to get a peek at what was happening, most of which were holding out phones, either recording or live streaming the events unfolding before them, in the middle of all of this, was Spitfire, the mayor bound in duct tape, as Spitfire ranted out his demands to the city.

Frostwave made an icy arch over the spectacle of people, to end up landing directly in front of Spitfire, taking on a combat ready stance "Alright now Spitfire..it's time to turn yourself in, you know how this goes once I show up..you've yet to beat even once.." she was hopeful that she could talk him down, burns were the worst, and while she had never lost to spitfire, she never managed to win a fight without at least a few mild scorch marks marring her skin.

Spitfire shouting out, in ever the raving lunatic manner "Oh no no no, not this time Frostwave, things need to change, and old Mayor Winsley here is going to listen this time..or else he'll be cooked like the greedy little piggy he is." Spitfire shot a hand out towards the mayor, a ball of fire landing directly next to the mayor in a threatening manner.