"Are- are you fucking kidding me?" she yelled. "He needs medical help right no- PLEASE? ANYONE?" she screamed as she frantically continued to hold her phone above her head, trying to get a signal.

"I'm quite serious, ma'am," I calmly said. "Ratty, show her, please?"

My pocket started moving suddenly as the woman's eyes grew from infuriating panic to bewildered fear. Moments later, Ratty crawled out and stretched, his bones cracking as he did so.

Easy for your bones to creak when you're made of them and *only* them.

The lady screamed once again.

"Please!" I raised my hand in a defensive manner, "Ratty is a very good boy, he won't bite," I smiled.

Ratty scratched his phantom ear with a paw and looked at the woman.

SQUEAK, he affirmed. He could not vocalize in a standard manner on account of his lack of lungs, or mouth, but was still capable of squeaking. It was something you didn't hear, rather it *was* heard in your head.

"I-" she sputtered out. "Please, can you help my husband? Please!" she said, recovering from the shock of seeing Ratty. Admirable, I thought - she just bore witness to horrors beyond comprehension, the veil between life and death torn away and turned upside down and it took her less than 30 seconds to concern herself with her husband's wellbeing.

"If you're willing to wait a few minutes," I remarked. Her eyes widened as she realized quite what I meant. I was, after all, a necromancer.

"Will- will there be any side effects?" she said, tears starting to well up in her eyes.

"No," I lied. I... didn't have the heart. And judging by the lack of signal on her phone, there wasn't going to be another option. Hopefully working on a corpse so fresh will minimize the side effects.

She hastily grabbed my hand and led me to her husband lying on the ground. He was puffy and choking; anaphylactic shock, it would seem. Nothing we could do. Not while he still struggled for breath.

I took her hand gently and gave her a smile.

"It might be better if you wait outside."

"What? No! I can't just leave him what if-"

"Please," I repeated. She looked me in the eyes, trembling, but acquiesced. She walked out nervously and the door closed. I kneeled down by the man whose breathing was slowing down now.

"I know what you're feeling right now," I gently said and grabbed his hand to comfort him. "I know how incredibly scary it is but I need you to stop fighting. Every cell in your body is telling you not to, but you must. I promise I will get you back to her, alright?"

His eyes darted around the room, sized me up, panicked, frantic. I tried to be as comforting as possible.

"Let go," I whispered. "It's going to be alright."

His breathing was barely noticeable now. I saw the fear in his eyes go out together with their light.

SQUEAK? Ratty pitched in.

"I believe so, yes," I said and checked his pulse. None to be found.

Don't worry, mate. I'll get you back. I won't fail. Not this time.

SQUEAK, Ratty said, assuring me. I smiled at him.

"Time to get to work," I told both him and the man.