Had a lot of fun with this prompt. I made it into a horror story that I thought was pretty cool. This also has not been edited so there could be some mistakes

P.S. everything except for the very end should be in a less perfect font to simulate hand writing

I looked at him and furrowed my brows, “What… Do you mean sir?”

My heart was beating so loud I thought everyone in the dining hall would be able to hear it, my hands were sweating and my muscles tensed up.  


The king lifted one eyebrow at me and started off towards his chamber without another word.  


I heaved a sigh of relief, but my mind was soon muddled with thoughts. “He knows! Why didn't he kill me? Why did he let me live? Why didn't it work?” I didn't know what to think so I ran back to the servants quarters. The quarters were stacked high with beds and had minimal furniture. The stone floor was a light gray and the furniture and bunks were dark brown wood.  


“What's wrong with you? My friend had asked.  


“Nothing, I guess I'm just not feeling well. I’ll go to bed early today”  


&amp;#x200B;

“But we still have to clean tonight”  


“Could you please take care of it for me today? It would be of great help! I pleaded.  


“Fine, but you know how madam is when someone doesn't show up.”  


“Yes, yes, thank you so much.” I went up to my bunk and tried to fall asleep  
	

When I opened my eyes I was strapped to a wooden table. The room I was in was cold and smelled of rotting corpses. I soon found out the source of the smell. There were piles of hands, arms, legs, feet, and heads. Shelves lined the walls with eyes floating in glass containers. Hanging from the ceiling was a board with many sharp tools.   
Not far away I could see something that I haven't forgotten till this day. A man strapped to a wall with his legs and arms tied up and attached to four different wheels. Some men dressed in black turned each wheel. The rope pulled at the man's limbs, snapping every tendon and tearing each muscle. His screams filled the air for what felt like hours. When the screaming stopped. The man was not a man anymore, but instead a lump of flesh. Not only were his limbs torn off by the machine, but his torso was sliced up by the sick men who thought it was fun.  


It was soon my turn…  


“Aaahh, stop, that's my hand!” I screamed. Two men were cutting off my hand with a saw the size of a small log.  


“ ‘tis the punishment for attempting to assassinate the king. Hahahaha.”  
	

My eyes filled with liquid and my screams filled the room. Those men did not stop with just my hand. They cut off every limb on my body and then submerged me in a pool of scalding oil. My skin shriveled and disintegrated. Layer by layer my skin came off. The oil penetrated my muscles and burned more than hell. The men then pushed me under. The oil melted my eyes and seeped into my skull, turning my brain to mush. I thought it was the end for me, all went black.  


I opened my eyes and screamed, “Ahhhh, I’m being tortured, save me!”   
	

But when I opened my eyes, I was still in the servants quarters with all my limbs intact. My body was drenched in sweat and my eyes were filled with tears.   
	

“Was it… all really a dream? But… It felt so real,” I thought.  
	

I realized right then in that moment that if I was going to survive, I would need to escape, Now! There was no time for hesitation so I grabbed what I could fit inside of my small sack and headed for the exit, but just then.  
	

Creak!  
	

My eyes widened and I jumped behind the desk placed next to the door.   


The door was pushed open by two men dressed in black.  
	

“This is where they said he was, right?  
	

“Ya, I think so, but keep your voice down or you'll wake someone up.” The men conversed while walking towards my bed. 

I had no chance to think, I dashed out of the room and ran down the halls.  
	

“Hey! Did you hear that? Someone just ran out the door!”   


“It must be him, he must have known we were coming for him”  


So started my chase with the men dressed in black. We ran down every corridor in the castle until we reached an underground cave. I couldn't hesitate, I ran into the cave without looking back. Anywhere was better than here… Right?  


I couldn't hear the footsteps of the men dressed in black anymore so I slowed down to catch my breath.  


“What do I do now?” I thought. “It's not like I can go back so I guess I'll have to go forward.” I steeled my mind to keep going deeper into the cave to wait out the men. I had packed enough food in my sack for three days, so it should’ve been more than enough.  


So started my trek through the deep dark cave.  


The cave walls were wet and the air was damp. All signs pointed to there being a water source up ahead. I kept walking.  


Clitter, Clatter! Clitter, Clatter!  


“What the hell is that,” I cursed under my breath.  


The sound got louder, and louder, and louder. Until it was right on top of me.  
Bang! Everything went dark.  


I slowly opened my eyes to find myself covered in a sticky web of sorts.  


“Where am I? What's happening!” I couldn't get free from the webs.  


“Don’t,t,t worry abou’t,t,t tha’t,t,t,t”. Whatever spoke had a slurred speech and would keep repeating the “T” sound, but soon a figure slowly emerged from the shadows.  


Its torso was round and dark black. Its six legs were long and pointy with many spikes protruding from them. Its head was rather large, with 3 tongues the length of a car. A set of sharp fangs could be seen inside of the creature's mouth. But there were no eyes to be seen on its head. Rather, It was one large eye floating above it with a red slit pupil and a black iris. Its eye could kill, pierce the soul and kill with fear. I had never seen anything like this before, I was fearstruck. Unable to move or even create coherent thoughts.  


“My name is t,t,t,tarmil, I won’t,t,t,t hurt you.” A sly smile swept across the creature's face, but fanished in an instant.”  


I wansn’t dumb enough to believe it, after all, I could see what was on the floor.  
	

Corpses strewn left and right. Their faces were eaten off and their organs exposed. Puddles of dark red blood lay everywhere, filling the cave with an unpleasant smell. Their bodys were half disintegrated as well with nothing left except for bone.  
	

“Let me go! I’ll kill you if you try anything!”

# Look for the second part in the replies