"remind me again why i love dogs" ty said, walking into his house covered in mounds of dog fur while the dogs he was golding kept trying to go in opposite directions. he had barely got in the door before his phone blew up with people trying to message him. he was the hero of the town, but he was growing tired of constantly saving everyone in the street. "oh dear god i hate my job. can you deal with this mess, ive got to go save the town again. no doubt its something they could easily solve themselves". you could feel his exhaustion in the tone of his voice. he had been doing the job for over 50 years without a single day off

  
"just dont go, ty. even vampires deserve a day of from being the hero" His wife responded. 

  
"no i have to. if i dont show up they assume im causing evil because im a vampire, so naturally i have to be bloody evil"

  
"your phone could, y'know, conveniently be dead" his wife responded, now standing in the doorway to the living room, holding a towel in her hand. ty pondered this for a moment, before deciding that it would be ok. he sat down with his angelic wife and flicked the TV on. he was clicking through the channels untill something caught his eye. "you have to be bloody kidding me. my phone 'died' and now im public enemy number one"

  
it was mere moments before people were breaking his door down. the people that had wanted him dead for years and finally had the chance. there was an army of people outside his house, waiting for him to come outside, waiting for their chance to kill him  
he was going to say something, but his wife prevented him from speaking. "this man has given up the last 50 years of his life to save this town, and the second he decided to sit down and relax you all want to kill the man. what the hell is wrong with you all?" She was close to bursting with anger, and the crowd got silent.

"i could kill all of you in a bloody heartbeat, but i wont. its not the kind of person i am. can you just treat me like a human?" Ty started, before walking back to his living room. his wife slammed the door

"Amy, should we move?"

"lets find somewhere where the population arent a load of bumbling idiots, Ty"