"Maybe this one? The warning list is shorter than the others." Spoke a young girl dressed in tattered and mudstained robes as she worked her way through a spell to raise a guardian.

In front of her lay the crumpled form of a crusader, his helmet crushed in by the falling beams of the house they both were inside of.

The crusade had already swept past the village and killing or capturing any it found. It had already claimed most of the village, and all the members of the girl's family.

"And done! Come on, come on, get up already, we have to go!" Cried the young girl in a hoarse whisper.

The crusader returned from his afterlife to his body. Well, maybe not nicely put back inside by the loving warmth and expertise of a god willing a servant back to finish their duties or live a happy life. This felt more like being haphardly stapled back together as a battered corpse by a town surgeon halfway down his second bottle of whiskey.

Everything hurt, but also didn't. He couldn't move either. Who was this tiny witch prancing over him? Why couldn't he breathe?

"Why isn't he doing anything?" The young witch turned back to her family's spellbook and read more in the flickering beams of light that came in off the burning stable outside.

"Why isn't my undead fill in the blank not doing anything? Have you completed the spell? I think? Did you use a fresh cadaver? Yes? I think so. Did you give them a command? Oops. Didn't do that."

Had he been raised by a bumbling amatuer? This explained the oddness of everything in his body. Resurrection didn't feel like this. Revival hurt, but you still felt human. Oh gods he was an undead wasn't he?

She looked at the knight and hesitantly spoke. "Uhm, mister crusader guy? Could you maybe get up? Please?"

He lurched to his feet with a wobbly clatter smacking his helmet against the ruined ceiling as he did.

What? What is this? Why couldn't he resist? Why was his body obeying this child wielding magics too dangerous to comprehend?

"Uhm. Uhm. Turn around?"

He turned in place, muscles that had cooled and stiffened resisting the awkward spin.

No. No. He was raised by a girl who knows nothing about what she was tampering with. And now has to obey here every whim. Please gods, let me actually die soon.

"Ok good. Uhm, Mr. Knight, I'm going to need you to protect me while we look for my mom and sister so we can get out of here before more of your friends show up.

Hoo boy, this was going to be awkward once she commanded him to speak. Don't think she' seen the bodies right outside the door.