Strength and Speed are easy to lie about, but you aren’t that lucky. Ironically, you are the one super hero who hasn’t been allowed to go public with your abilities, but it isn’t your fault it’s your stupid idiotic abilities fault.

You have to find a plausible explanation for your ability that can be used as a cover story.

It is the first tenet to protect yourself against the true enemy.

Lady Harmonica.

Don’t let her name fool you, because she is the one that every super hero fears, with a single passing of her hand, she is able to completely destroy her opponents, using her power. Which everyone knows all too well.

It had happened years ago, when Captain Invincible had been the world's most famous hero.

He was said to be unbeatable. It didn’t matter what your power was, because he was invincible. This isn’t some lame ‘trappable’ invincible either. If something resisted his movements, it would simply crumble away.

People had originally tried fighting him with guns and bullets. But they hadn’t worked at all. Ironically, darts and stones had the greatest effect. Their small size and low slow movement, didn’t do much but he at least seemed to feel them. 

Eventually people had discovered that something big and slow would work best on him, and so they turned to dropping large objects on him to trap him. However, they would just crumble away, allowing him to walk straight through them.

His power was particularly gruesome when anyone tried to hit him with something living, watching flesh melt away was not something that did good for the average person.

When he was alive, no villain had dared to challenge him. 

Until Lady Harmonica, the songstress of death.

She could use her voice to completely dissolve any specific thing, including super hero abilities. There was one catch, she needed to know what their power was in order to destroy it.

Now there was you, the next great hope of humanity. Your power had been estimated to be equal to or greater than Captain Invincibles power, and it had been kept an absolute secret.

You were the luckiest person on the earth. Ironically.

That was, of course, the problem. It was patently obvious that your power was exactly what it sounded like.

One time you had been walking down the street and a gang of criminals had almost run you over. Only to have an actual anvil fall on their heads, crushing them as flat as possible. The fact that someone had been raising an anvil into the air, and a real one at that, was so ludicrous that almost everyone there had realized what had happened in the instant.

If the company didn’t employ a fairly capable mind eraser, everyone would have been talking about it.

So now you are stuck.

Obviously, you couldn’t let anyone know what your power was, because then Lady Harmonica would be able to destroy your ability. 

You just had to find a way to explain why random things would happen around you, and then you would be called the greatest hero in the world.

But how could you ever explain it? There really was no pattern to it, it was just random things that would happen without warning to protect you. There wasn’t anything to even explain them. The workers who had been raising the anvil into the air hadn’t even really known what they were doing. 

The realization that your ability had drawn two men to a specific location to do a job that neither had been hired to do, and wasn’t actually supposed to happen, was just too much to deal with.

The worst part wasn’t that you had just been dumped with this ability, it was that you were stuck inside the compound until you did have a likely story.

“What do you think?” You look at the rooms only other occupant, it’s your handler and his job is to help you figure out what your cover should be.

“Only thing I can think of is that you have a tiny mind-controlling, time-traveling ally that is also invisible.” He leans his head back, both of you had been trying to figure this problem out for weeks now, and neither of you was getting out of the building until you had a solution. Of course, your handler's memory would be erased so he couldn’t remember what he was doing.

This was a part of his job, and he had learned to live with the fact that he spent long periods of time away from home, and he had massive holes in his memory. Apparently the plan had a one to one deal. For every day he lost, he had a day off. After this job, he was going to have years off.

He deserved them. Apparently, his little kid has now grown up quite a bit in the last couple of years.

You let your head thunk onto the table. It was the only thing either of you could think of.

Before you could react, the door flew open and a man burst into the room. He was a little bald and definitely out of shape, but you recognized him as the one who would bring them food, books, or new games to play.

You hate playing games now.

“Lady Harmonica is attacking the train station. The higher ups are tired of waiting, and they think this is your best bet at taking her out. You up for it new guy?”

Your handler looks at the guy, with an annoyed expression, “Isn’t that a bit reckless?”

“Yes, but they think that she can’t know what his power is, so it’s a good chance that he can take her down. Once she is out of the picture, we don’t need to worry about someone finding out his power.”


“That is ridiculous, there is no way to guarantee that there will never be another person with this power.”

“Kid, it’s risky, but it will get you out of the room, what do you think?”