"Nightshade, bring me me my jacket." 

I hear the click-click of her claws on the hardwood floor. Soon my jacket is placed gently in my lap. I stroke her head affectionately. 

I've had Nightshade for years, ever since I lost my sight in an explosion. An "unexplained" explosion. 

Standing out of my easy chair I put my hand out as Nightshade nosed under it and I caught ahold of her handle. Not a raised handle like most dogs, it was attached directly between her shoulders, which was just a bit above my waist. Nightshade was a big girl. Her vet said some kind of shepherd mix, but he just wasn't sure. Her coloring was 'black as a blind night' according to him, apparently a commonly used phrase he immediately face-palmed over saying to me.

I had known better than to tell the authorities anything about what had actually caused the explosion that caused my blindness. Who's going to take you seriously when you tell them that several people were throwing lightning bolts and fireballs at each other in the field behind your house? I'll tell you who... not anyone you want taking you seriously, that's who.

The trip down to the corner store was routine. I'd been walking it since I was a little kid. Long before I'd acquired Nightshade. I probably could have walked it by myself, even after the accident. But Nightshade was only rarely out of arms reach, usually she was actually physically touching me.

Despite her being the cornerstone of my current existence, Nightshade presented many questions. She was unbelievably smart. When I first got her I'd tell her to get my shoes, she always brought me shoes appropriate to the clothes I was wearing, be they trainers, walkers, dress, or my wrestling shoes that I still exercised and did  my martial arts in. She'd bring me coats, based on the temperature outside. I hadn't realized this was odd for several years, amongst many things she did that when considered for more than a few moments a dog really shouldn't be able to do.

Also, I was 23 when I lost my sight, I'd gotten Nightshade 2 months later, her vet had said she was 5-6 years old then I was no in my mid 40s and the last vet I'd taken her two said the same, 5-6 years old. 

As we approached the house, I could feel Nightshade tense.

"What's wrong, girl?" I immediately stopped. 

Turning Nightshade sank her teeth into my hand and began to pull me away. I choked off a scream from the pain and followed behind her. She wasn't shaking her head as she would if she were attacking me, she was urgently trying to get me away from there 

"There they are!" I heard someone shout from around where my house should be. 

Nightshade twisted the handle out of my hand and I panicked for half a second before she came up under my legs. She felt a lot bigger all of a sudden by I just grabbed the handle as she took off like a shot keeping my head low, my legs hugging her body, and trying to ignore the burning in my hand where she'd bitten me.

Things started to get fuzzy, I felt like I was burning up, almost like I was on fire, but I ignored all of that and hung on for dear life. I heard the crackle and boom of lightning and small claps of thunder, and heat would flash past as Nightshade zigged, zagged, and jumped.

I could hear the small waterfall that was in the woods across the field behind my house. Nightshade lifted her head and issued forth a shockingly loud and powerful  howl. She then immediately juked to the side so hard I almost lost my grip. What felt like a bonfire sizzled by so close my clothes still felt hot even after it was gone. 

Nightshade yipped in amusement when we heard howls faintly carried on the wind, a lot of howls. Lots and lots of howls. Howls that were approaching, and a seemingly impossible speed. 

We juked, zigged, and zagged a few more times, and suddenly the woods were filled with, howls, barks, and screaming. A lot of screaming, though those were often suddenly cut short.

Before that was over Nightshade lay on the ground and I dropped off of her back, my whole body felt like I'd been dunked in molten lava, I'd have screamed if my jaws weren't locked shut in a rictus of pain. At some point I noticed absently, around the pain, that the stars were beautiful and the moon was full. 

Wait... what?