The following is a document written by an unknown person believed to have entered the dollhouse at around 03/06/2022. The whereabouts of this person are currently unknown, but it is most likely that they have been lost to the machine. The phone was discovered by one of our field agents beside a dried oil splatter and writing that used the same oil stating "THE MACHINE BECKONS"

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(I'm gonna use this phone to document what happens to me in this place. If I'm here, there might be others. Even if I was the only one, I might not be the last. Any bit of info might be useful for anybody that comes after. I'll only document important things because I have to save energy)

Day 5 since being here

"Good morning," I mutter to myself as I pull myself off the hard plastic floor. It's been... more than a couple of days now. I lost count. There's nothing to use to judge time, except my watch and my phone. I've been trying to save the battery on my phone to make it last as long as it can. I check it occasionally to see if anything has changed. But, like every other time, there's nothing to greet me. 

I get up and begin to walk down the halls again. I tread lightly, making sure to make my footsteps as quiet as possible. Even though nothing has suggested that I'm in any danger, but the fact that I was suddenly brought into this world without any prior warning is enough to make me use caution when walking through here. 

The interior of the hallway reminds me of a dollhouse you'll see rich little girls play with in their rooms when they're alone. The floor had a glossy pattern stuck onto it like a massive sticker. White strips across bright green. The walls were a bright pink like bubblegum or cotton candy, and the floors were just white. Perfectly round holes were cut out of the ceiling and replaced by blinding white lights. the shape of the lights perfectly matched the shape of the cutout in the plastic. I wouldn't have known the plastic was cut if it wasn't for the misrepair some of these sections had fallen into. 

The hallways seem to stretch out forever. Each section led to a room that held furniture that belonged to a certain room within a house, like a living room or a kitchen. The hallways were sometimes interrupted by intersecting hallways that led to identical rooms. 

Every now and then I would stumble across a part of the hallway that had fallen into disrepair. The plastic would be completely yellowed and the sticker on the floor would be peeling off. Sometimes entire sections of hallway would have crumbled away, revealing the world below. 

You could hear when a section of hallway had collapsed because the sound of grinding gears and rusty levers would fill the otherwise silent air. I looked into the world down below once. The clockwork spread on and on for miles. Darkness filled the exposed cracks within the slithering brass creature, covering its secrets and threatening to make anything that it touched disappear. I dropped a button down there once. I watched as it disappear into the shadow. It didn't slowly fade away like a normal shadow, one moment it was there, and the next it was gone, like someone snapped their fingers and willed the end of its existence. 

Sometimes I would have intrusive thoughts. Thoughts about my life before the dollhouse. I wondered if people wondered where I was. I hoped they did. I had a dog. I hoped someone would take care of him. He must be wondering where I was, whether or not I would ever come back. I hope he never thinks I abandoned him. I hope none of my friends and family think that. I didn't want to be here. I didn't run away from my problems. We were working on that. I didn't mean for things to end this way. Hopefully I'll be able to go back and fix things. 

*You'll be here forever*

Day 43 I think

It's been more than a month now. I'm not hungry. Or thirsty. I wonder why that is. I should be dead by now. But I'm not. So I guess that's good. Maybe not. 

I wished I was dead. I have looked everywhere for any sign of an exit or any signs of life. The mysteries of this place have continued to elude me. Nothing makes sense. I should've reached an end by now. My knees hurt. 

Day 44 

I found another section. I looked into the abyss below this time. I don't know why I did it, but what I saw scared me. The clockwork was rusting. I could see levers refusing to move and gears slowing down as the awful sound of grinding filled the air and pierced my ears. Panic filled my head as I turned around and ran away as fast as I could. 

Day 53

I'm noticing more sections of hallway that have fallen into disrepair. The plastic is more brittle. Must be careful. I peered into the darkness again. The darkness had retreated back. I could see the maze of pipes coming out of unknown machines and heading in one direction. I'm gonna try following the pipes. 

Day 57 

I peered into the darkness below again. This time the shadow returned and covered the pipes. I kept going in the same direction. I can see movement below. 

Day 59 

I believe the shadows operate like tides on a beach. They receed and then they rise. I think I'm only noticing this now because there are a lot more gaps in the floor of the hallways.

Day 65, 66

I saw another machine today. It was wandering the halls. I followed it until it reached a broken section on the floor. I think it screamed. It jumped down into the shadow. I ran forward and saw it slip under the shadow. I could hear the sound of metal being pulled apart. Part of the rest on the gear it landed on receeded. It ran smoother.  But I could see rust climbing back up it. 

Day ???

I was awoken by the sound of hundreds, if not thousands, of robots screaming. I quickly ran to the closest gap and watched as robots poured forth onto the great machine like a ritualistic mass suicide. The sound that followed was just horrible. My ears hurt so badly. The machine is in pain. I can hear it through the walls. It wails. It groans. It's in pain. I want to help it. I don't know how. I want to help it. 

Day ???? 

The machine beckons. It needs another. Just one more. One more and all the pain it is experiencing will go away. Just one more. It must be done. It must be done. It must be done.

\-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------