**It turned out that the solution to the Fermi Paradox was this:** of all the peoples of every world to achieve sentience, not one of them was stupid enough to strap themself to a box of explosives and blast themselves into space. Of the handful that developed harder-to-reach technologies like solar sails and ion drives, not a single species felt the compulsion to reproduce and spread across the galaxy like a particularly virulent strain of herpes.

So when humanity sent their generation ships—that is, a bunch of space goblins popping out babies in a continuously-exploding box—the rest of the galaxy was completely unprepared.

\###

Planet Two had no particular name for itself. Why bother, when it was one of the only two lifeforms in all of reality? It was true that many, many solar cycles ago, there were endless separate minds on Planet Two—but aside from their sibling hivemind on Planet Three, the minds that had once clamored in disunity now sang as one song.

"Good to see you again, Planet Three." Planet Two sent out a signal to Planet Two as they passed by.

"Good to see you too, Planet Two," Planet Three replied, exactly 563 solar cycles later.

"Good to see you again, Planet Three," Planet Two repeated, as it had for the past six and a half billion years.

"Good to see you too—hey, wait a cycle. Was that always there?" Planet Three asked as something showed up in the matrix of continent-sized organics that made up its sensory organs.

"Hmm." Planet Two pondered the question as the near-lightspeed ship approached. "No, I don't think so."

"Goodness, it's splattered all over Planet One," Planet Three observed. "Why, it was just a hundred cycles ago that it was nothing more than a speck in the distance!"

"Hello? Hello? Is this thing on? Testing, testing, one two three—"

"My stars—it can talk?" Planet Two and Planet Three shared exactly 2,252 cycles of startled silence while the new signals from Planet One repeatedly bombarded its neighbors with "are you there?" and "Is anyone listening?" and "FIRST POST" and "We've been calling about your extended warranty."

"Er, nice to meet you, new... neighbor...s?" Planet Two sent.

"How... how many of you are there, exactly?" Planet Three added.

Neither planetary lifeform was pleased by the way the numbers they received just kept going *up*.

"I... I see that you've taken over Planets Four through Eight," Planet Two hesitantly said. "We, er, we kind of liked the view from here. Would you mind, ah, putting those moons back where they were?"

"Sorry, we needed reaction mass," the seething mass of humans replied.

"Reaction... mass...?" Planet Three asked.

"Yeah! You know, the stuff you shoot out the back of your ship to make it go fast? It's not—well, actually, it *is* rocket science, so I guess I get how you could be a little confused..."

"You... but you just arrived. Why would you leave already?"

"To make more colonies, of course!" And indeed, to their horror, Planets Three and Four saw ship after ship jetting off into the unknowable distance. "You could come with us, if you'd like."

"No, thank you," Planet Two said faintly.

"I rather think our new neighbors are a bit of a stink," Planet Three added.

The two planets pondered the matter. Their home star got a tiny bit brighter.

"We could try this 'rocket science' thing the humans are on about," Planet Two finally said.

"Mm. Can't say I'll miss this place if we go," Planet Three agreed.

"Then we'll go. On three. One... two... three!"

Unimaginably vast plumes of superheated plasma jetted out from the cores of both worlds, ejecting them from orbit and sending them into deep space.

"I do wonder what our new home's going to be like," Planet Two said. "I hope it has gas giants. I always liked gas giants."

"Mm. We're almost there," Planet Three replied. "Just a little... wait. Oh my stars. Don't tell me—"

"Hi!" The new system, teeming with humans from colonies sent out thousands of years ago, eagerly greeted the new arrivals. "Are you a new friend? We love new friends!"

"The universe is terrible and it can't end quickly enough," Planet Two grumbled.

A.N.

If you liked this, check out r/bubblewriters for more! I've got an [ongoing seria](https://www.reddit.com/r/bubblewriters/comments/uxmwe4/soulmage_masterpost/?sort=confidence)l for you all to enjoy!