They laughed a lot at me, at school. “Wow,” they said, “you can share your thoughts. So, basically, you can speak to people’s minds, but can’t receive anything?”

I didn’t mind too much, my friends helped support me on the worst days. Some people got bad powers in this world, they pointed out. Like the guy who can turn his fingers blue by holding his breath. “And your powers, you don’t even need to hold your breath!” It was nice to be appreciated.

And you know, they were right. I just needed to listen to my friends, and life after that? Well, it was normal. Took life at a normal pace, found a place where they could help people like me, those without good powers. A nice room, 3 meals a day, and nice people to talk to, but they weren’t as good as my friends.

It wasn’t until there was a mean person at my place that I realized maybe I could do a bit more. Well, specifically, when I got punched in the head. He had a white coat, so my friends and I were supposed to listen to him, but he hit me! It hurt a lot! 

My friends didn’t like that, either. “Maybe you should share that thought with him.” It didn’t take any effort at all. Suddenly I was in his head, showing him how much that hurt. My worries and fears of concussions, the hospital bills. My friends were pretty happy with me then, shouting “think more! Think faster!”

I realized now the man could hear my friends now, too. Oh, that was so good! Lately they’d been very loud, so much shouting. Not even the extra meals had been enough to keep my friends quiet. 

His nose and ears started bleeding, the man who hit me. So many thoughts I had to share, and share them all at the same time, over and over! It was like…. Letting go of something you’d been holding on to for so long that you’d forgotten you’d been holding onto it.

“Why not everyone?” One of my friends asked, his black claws skittering across the ceiling, the gaping smile and empty voids for his eyes looking at me. 

“Yes, why not everyone?” Another friend asked, bleeding teeth out of his hands and feet. 

They had a point I didn’t consider! Maybe, just maybe, if I shared all my thoughts, and all my friends, with everyone… 

Maybe life wouldn’t be so boring in my white room, my 3 meals, and orderly day, with all my thousands of friends. 

“It would be easy,” said one more, their marble eyes rolling across the floor, stopping to rest at my feet. “We could tell everyone jokes!”

“What fun that would be,” I said, and the man with the bloodied nose and ears echoed with me, “What fun that would be!”

I laughed, delighted. And then everyone laughed with me.