Nobody knew wtf was going on. Ever since we added some live video feeds through some computer vision deep neural nets, our model performance was eerily good. So good that trained eyes would call bullshit, which many of us did. And, here we are. Doing the deep dive, data interrogation; all the glorious data science that everyone is after.   
      
We started off with the big events that triggered our warning systems, hurricanes, tornados, earthquakes, tsunamis, you get the idea. The data streams around these were massive, real high dimensional clusterfucks. We had some computing clusters hitting those somewhat methodically, hard to set up algorithms for such big data. Our man power was "to be focused more concertedly" on some likely false positive events triggered by the system, because of fucking course when a black box tells you 100% accuracy on model predictions, you believe it...and you reassign hundreds of us drones to find a causal explanation...not to find a bug in the code...to find what the machine already has. Whatever, easy money. Snacks and streaming countless videos, trying to find the pattern for whatever the fuck seems to be a causal factor for my "concertedly focused" topic of sinkholes. Pretty gnarly little beasties if I do say so myself. Swallow ya up if you're not lucky, down to the abyss you go.   
  
Well, i was reviewing a local cluster of sinkholes that were rather well documented with multiple overlapping video streams, many of which were identified as important indicators during our post-hoc interrogation of model predictions. Basically, few square meters of sidewalk and roadway enter the void. No loss of life, but few kids around it were nearly gobbled up. I was glad I didn't have to watch that. This vid was actually the highlight of my day. The kids were in frame for some time and it looked like a couple of them were doing some TikTok dance or something. Ikr cringe haha. But...it caught my eye, didn't look too hard, and i was tired of data dredging, time to learn a dance. Feet staggered, shoulders offset, raise arms, little razzle, bit of dazzle, bam    
  
#kurchunk     
    
calm calm calm, what's going on, the whole building just gave a little, right? Had to, what else could it have been? ..., who else is here, where are they...they must've felt that too...