"Did you know we lie about our powers to the public?" Captain Supreme asked me with a playful smirk.

I froze in a mixture of confusion, curiosity, and genuine terror.  Ever since the Z-Cell mutation phenomenon took off people with abilities had been springing up everywhere.  Nobody knew what caused it.  All of a sudden random people started being born with a certain type of cell in their body that gave off energy.  This energy gave them random superpowers.  Scientists like my father were utterly baffled but normal people just wanted abilities.

I had just discovered mine and wanted a trial run before I went to my dad.  So I headed to a deserted bit of coastline and started firing off lightning blasts towards the water as I walked along the shore.  Admittedly childish but fun!  Though I do feel bad for the fish I fried.  However somehow this got the attention of the most crazily overpowered superhero on any planet I was aware of.

Super speed.  Super strength.  Flight.  Laser Eyes.  Invulnerability.  Ice sneezes.  Literally any problem, Captain Supreme can solve it.  It is why the crime rate on Earth has dropped to something like 0.01% of what it was in the early 90s and even that only happens when he is confirmed off planet.

And now he is hovering in front of me with his arms crossed in that infuriating, "I am better than everyone and you know it" pose.

"I, uh, well, no I didn't," I manage to stammer out after his eyebrow raised in the silence.  "I mean it kind of makes sense.  If you broadcast what you could do, your enemies would work around it."

That was the other portion of crime.  Superpowered individuals who could, if not stand toe to toe with Captain Supreme and the other heroes, then at least last long enough that escape was a possibility.  Dr. Demento was the one everyone knew since his power warped perceptions...wait did it?  Even then why hadn't someone just done away with him before he could activate it?  Why had I never thought of this before?  Why had nobody ever voiced the question?

"I see you're starting to catch on," Supreme said as he floated down to put his bare toes in the water.  "It is a hoax.  All the crime, chasing, world ending disasters," he said that last part with finger quotes.  "All made up.  With the energy of the Z-Cells we live like gods.  Because we are."

He walked up to me with a large smile and put a hand on my shoulder.  I felt my bones creak under his grip and suppressed a wince.  That was going to hurt in the morning.

"So we allow the various governments and the like to run," Captain Supreme continued on with an infuriating blasé tone, "Doing the grunt work of ruling.  Those of us with the abilities to warp minds make sure the public stays pacified.  The rest of us deal with the stage act or with newbies.  Newbies like you.  You have a choice lightning boy.  Join up or I make it so that there isn't even your body to find.  What do you say son?"

So many emotions flowed through me at once and none of them were good.  Fear.  Anger.  Disgust.  Rage.  Though finally it settled on a dark form of amusement.

"Do you know the first law of thermodynamics Captain?" I ask blandly as I reach across and lay my hand atop the one of his squeezing my shoulder.

His expression changed to perplexed.  My hand gripped his a bit tighter as my true ability flared.  Now his expression turned to horror as I felt his grip loosen.

"Energy cannot be created or destroyed," I continued as he tried and failed to pull his hand away.  "The total amount of energy in the universe remains constant and just changes form.  So right now, as I absorb the Z-Cell energy from you like I did the electrons from the sand before, it has to *go* somewhere."

Captain Supreme was never heard from again.