The luxurious car rolled almost silent down the stone plastered road in the small middle European village. Kathrina was wondering to herself, how this village had not changed since the first time she visited it almost 1200 years ago. Sure some houses changed and things got added. But the spirit of it had stayed the same.

The darkened car windows kept the sun’s rays out, mainly the UV rays, she still marvelled at that discovery, humans had made not so far, and soon they would settle even other planets. Since the great wars almost 150 years ago they had invented blood clinics and the need to hunt had seized (well there was sport and sometimes just the necessary need for it, after all).

Kathrina enjoyed the luxurious seats no longer even made from dead animals and thought back to her first time visiting the town, she had come in a horse-drawn wooden cart locked and her back had hurt like, well hell, she snivelled to herself, and again she thought about times had changed. And then some few decades ago when visiting this town she had noticed this small carpenters store which had just opened up and had this beautiful masterpiece of its owner displayed in the window. For some reason, the young man had forgone traditional masterpieces and made a coffin.

Intrigued she had entered the small store and inquired about it. The young man had looked at her kind of sad and said it was for the one woman he loved, and that it kept business away, and he was about to close shop and go to work in a factory for a Swedish company, as he could no longer afford the store without business.

Kathrina had listened to him, only with half an ear and admiring the coffin the whole time. She looked at him and asked him just how much for one. The carpenter looked at her and asked her why she would need a coffin. She had looked back at him expressionless taken aback by someone asking her why she wanted something, she was not used to that. She said something about a close family member, and the Carpenter looked at her all dressed in black with the huge hat and the black veil covering her face, nodded sadly and said I know the feeling. You are my first and only customer so far, I can barely afford the store now, I’d have to ask you to pay upfront and way too much, so I’m sorry but can’t do it.

Kathrina, being used and quite able to afford everything she wanted, just took her check book out (it was a long time ago after all) and simply said, I’ll loan you everything you need, I have a big family and all of them are old. The Carpenter had looked at her weirdly but shrugged and said are you sure. In response, she handed him a signed cheque but without a number, said write down whatever you need as. A number, I’ll be back in a few weeks to pick up my first order.Alexandr saw the big luxurious car pull up and he remembered the first time he met Kathrina, an elegant red-haired lady in black with a disturbing smile, his first and at the time only customer, basically, she still was as all his other customers came referred from her, and he remembered a time when he was at its lowest, in fact he had thought to end it all at the time, as the village feared him as his masterpiece had been a coffin for his girlfriend at the time, who was dying with cancer at the time. She had made it after all and married a doctor who treated her and left him, so he was lovesick and stuck with a huge piece of a coffin and that kept the villagers from doing business with him. A bunch of suspicious religious nut-jobs. But he had shown them all, funded by Kathrina and her wealthy friends and family he had had enough money to buy half the village over the years and most businesses, nobody knew as he had used a bank in another city close by and a company setup. As the decades had, past he had grown older and he was in his 80s now, though most people would assume he was 20 years younger. He suspected this was for him being busy and never again trying to marry and build a family. He sighed to himself, and as always then Kathrina visited and wondered how it came she did not seem to age. He had never been able to quite guess her age and never asked her either, but it was a bit uncanny to him. He petted his only companion, a local bred Huge guard dog he called just Girl, Even the girl was aging now as well, he had gotten her almost a decade ago for his last birthday as a gift to himself and she was extremely spoiled.Kathrina entered the store, as usual wearing a black dress, which at the same time seemed to hide and reveal everything. As usual, she was wearing a broad black hat and a veil and sunglasses, in fact, she never took those off, he wondered how she could see anything with those things.

Kathrina entered and said ‘Alex my friend it is great to see you, and how is our little puppy?’ Girl looked up and then hid her face in her paws and let out a fart. Kathrina a bit taken aback looked at Alex and asked him ‘Is she all right?’ Alex responded, ‘Well she is ageing up as we all are, well except you my dear’ he smiled  
   
Kathrina looked a bit uneasy as he got up and took his time, sometimes she had a hard time remembering how old her human friends and families were, she remembered a few circumstances where children suddenly were grownups, and her not noticing them taking the place of the initial friend or business partner…  
   
She looked closer at Aleksandr and said ‘Alex how are you and how old are you actually?’ Aleksandr a bit shocked by the question said, ‘Almost 80 now, the doctors found some issues but I mean must be the same for you…? I mean you must be the same age as I am give or take?’Kathrina could not help but laugh a bit. Alex was a bit taken back by that reaction.She said, let’s have a drink. She waved to her servant ‘Igor, bring some red wine for Aleksandr and the usual for me’ Igor grumbled and went to the car to get these things.