"You are all cursed! I will ensure your inevitable destruction on..." There was a slight pause as the shimmery being glanced away from us. It seemed they were checking a schedule. "On the last day of the next month. Be prepared for doom!" The being vanished the wind from the closing portal blowing Sala's hat off. As he ran to chase it, the rest of us exchanged glances. We hadn't meant to anger a god. You know how it can get when alcohol is involved; you get drinking, someone says something, someone else does something and before you know it, bam! You've pissed off a deity.  
"So. What do we do now?"  I asked. A resounding silence met my question, as Sala came trotting back, hat jammed onto his head. He glanced around at our glum faces before chuckling.   
"You guys realize that we have a date when we'll inevitably die, right? So before that day... before the god can get their revenge..." Trailing off, Sala's smile grew as we began to nod our heads. Before that day, we could do anything. Nothing truly had consequences anymore.   
"So, I suggest we get everything we've always left behind as having too much risk. And show this god," the word dripped with disdain. "That we've got a lot of fight in us. To a glorious death!" He pumped his fist to the sky.  
"To a glorious death!" We responded.  
The next week was spent gathering every powerful thing we'd ever wanted. I got the sword that with every cut to an opponent, green venom would course through their veins. There was a small side effect: enough use would drive you insane. Sala called up no less than four demons, making deals with each, involving the gift of his firstborn, the use of his body on the second day of each month, promising to get a divine crystal from the temple of Tharan, and finding the key to unlock the hells. Enterprising demons. Our archer—Gareth— went shopping in any market he could find. There were always shysters selling lucky objects. And Gareth had a nose for picking out any object that had actual magic, good or bad. By the end of the month, he was hung about with so many charms, that he jingled, rustled, and rattled simultaneously as he walked. No one wanted to mention that Gareth almost didn't look like Gareth any more. Laila, our resident badass sorcerer, pulled out the forbidden books—the ones that marked their user with the evil they held in their pages­— and began a rigorous course of study.  
By the time we reached the end of our time limit, our party was fearsome to behold. I had started to hear voices whispering to me though for now they were easily banished. We were all standing in the field where all this had started, ready for anything. A rift opened in the air, the shimmery being stepping through the portal. It took one look at us. Gareth/not-Gareth standing in his pile of charms, Sala ringed with four hulking demons, me with my sword dripping venom, and Laila wreathed in shadows and darkness.   
"Oh, shit, no. Sorry, wrong place." The words tripped off the shiny tongue, and the being vanished. We glanced at each other.  
"Well, now what?"