# It was my first time writing somethingin journal format. Definitley need to work on this type of writing more.

“Humans are horrible creatures and they can never be trusted. Their lives are horrible and filled with grief .” My clan leader would always say but now, i'm not so sure if he was right.   
March 15: I've decided that today will be the day I fulfill my obligation as a mimic to study humans. I have been putting it off for months, but now, I'm ready to see the treacherous things we call humans and the hell we call human lives. I’ll be gone for a while so I’m documenting everything here.  
March 16: After packing yesterday I am ready to leave. I finished saying my goodbyes so I have nothing left to do here. Tomorrow I will leave the house and will no longer be known as “wooden chair”, but instead as Arthur for the next month.  
March 17: Today was the day I left. It was hard figuring out how to work my legs, but I got it in the end. I made it to the other side of the street, but my stomach started to hurt so I stopped walking for the day.  
March 18: My stomach has been hurting all day and I don't know why. No walking was done today. I hope to feel better by tomorrow.  
March 19: We learned how to speak the human tongue when we were children so today I asked someone why my stomach hurt and he said that I should go to the doctor for a checkup. I asked him what a doctor was and he looked at me funny, but later informed me the information I needed.  
March 20: The pain has been getting worse and I don't think that sleeping on the streets is helping. Clan leader was right, their lives are always filled with grief. I hate being a human.   
March 21: I found the hospital and they gave me a checkup. Apparently I need to eat something. We never had to eat as furniture so it was new, but I love it. The food makes me happy for some reason and it makes my stomach not hurt. I want to eat some more.  
March 25: I haven't been able to write anything these past few days because I was too busy eating. It's really fun. People even like to play tag with me while I eat, but they are mean when we play sometimes because of all the yelling.   
March 27: I’ve still been living in the streets ever since I started my journey. People are funny. They like to throw green confetti on me while I’m sitting down. Nobody did that when I was a chair.  
March 28: Nothing much happened today. I played some tag. Got some confetti and took a nap  
March 31: Today I went to a place called In-N-Out. It was a very fun experience. I walked in, smelled the air, and walked out. I don't think people understood what you were supposed to do because they went in and didn't come out for a long time. Humans don't really follow the rules.   
April 1: I'm starting to like this place. We don't get to play tag or get green confetti when we were furniture. Maybe this place isn't too bad.   
April 2: I saw a party van go by today with blue and red flashing lights. They must have been partying hard because they had their music up really loud. Humans have a weird taste in music.  
April 10: On April 3: I got picked up by the party bus after playing tag. We had a lot of fun during the drive. I didn't really like the handcuffs they put on me, but I guess it's just one of the weird things humans like. When we got out of the car, they put me in a cool little house to live in for the next week. Some of the people there even had cool little drawings on their chests . One night, I decided to draw something new on somebody's chest and when they saw it they gave me a big hug. Humans must be really strong because he almost broke my body with the hug. I think he liked it.  
April 11: It's almost the deadline to go back so I've got to make the most out of my time. I've also got to make sure the party bus doesn't pick me up or I’ll miss the return date. I played a lot of tag today and ran away from a couple of party buses. It's not hard, you just turn into a cat when they start chasing you.   
April 12: Tommorrows the day I go back. I had fun out in the human world and its almost a shame to have to go back. What if…  
April 13: I didn't go back.