"Wait, that's illegal," the Genie immediately said almost as if offended.

"No, I don't believe so," the Paladin rebuked calmly. "Section 3, paragraph 4."

The Genie manifested the contract in its hand and, having put on spectacles, carefully re-read the rules.

"Modifications... other beings... best of the Genie's ability..." it mumbled as it read the rules before looking back at the Paladin with a chuckle. "Well played. Your wish is... granted."

The Paladin smiled and watched the Genie kindly as purple smoke enveloped it, hissing as it did so. Moments later, the smoke was gone and the Genie remained. The Paladin took a knee and said a quick prayer to the Greater Good to again sense the Genie's disposition.

"Hold on... this isn't right," he frowned.

"Is there a problem, human?" the Genie smirked.

"You've lied. I sensed trickery and downright malice in you before; I sense it still. You've not fulfilled my wish!" the Paladin cried out.

"Oh, but I *have*."

The Paladin stared at the Genie and gripped his hammer tighter, preparing himself for a fight if need be.

"You don't understand, *do you*?" the Genie said. "You think that when a man asks for wealth and I bury him in gold that it's me somehow working against them? That I wish to twist their wishes? Actively sabotage them? No, not quite," it said with a malicious grin.

"All I do," it continued, "is for the Greater Good. It is what I am, an extension of it, much like the Gods, even your very mission. It is what grants me power. It is what I serve unquestionably."

"Then how do you explain all those wishes gone wrong? People ask for love and get torn apart by their loved ones. People cured of a disease only to die the next day in an accident. Is that *good*?!"

"Yes," the Genie stated blankly. "*It is*."

The Paladin scoffed.

"When I grant a wish, no matter how pure, it must always turn this way for the Greater Good to be realized. Every. Single. One. Such is *virtue*. Such is *philanthropy*. You humans," it said with audible disdain, "think you can fast track your way to satisfaction? No. You were made to grovel and crawl in the dirt. You were made to be weak and flawed and to strive towards greatness only to inevitably fail and turn mad. You think the Gods and the Greater Good is here to serve *you*? *Help you*? Insolent fools. You are here to fail and in doing so entertain them. *That* is the Greater Good. Not yours. *Theirs*."

"You lie," the Paladin growled. The Genie moved a finger and filled the Paladin's head with visions of humanity's creation. They were moulded from clay by creatures of cosmic proportions, ancient beings of maddening dimensions and shapes not meant for human understanding that laughed and reveled in seeing their little creations scuttering about in despair and misery. These antediluvian horrors sought not to make creatures happy and content; they sought playthings whose strings they could pull.

The Paladin fell to his knees, burdened with knowledge no mortal ought to have. Having spent his entire life serving the Greater Good, or at least, what he thought it was and meant... he clutched his head in unimaginable anguish.

"Tell me, *human*," the Genie said as it loomed over the man, now larger than ever, eyes filled with empty, black voids.

"ğ™·ğš˜ğš  ğš’ğšœ ğš¢ğš˜ğšğš› ğšğšŠğš’ğšğš‘ ğš—ğš˜ğš ?"