“So what’s it like to be an Eldritch entity?” I asked.

The spinning orb directed one of its many eyes at me and just stared. The reality of the waiting room around them bending and morphing as they experienced reality in multiple dimensions. I’m sure they understood what I was saying and either had moved past the need for speech or just didn’t think I was worthy of interaction.

“Not very talkative, alright,” I said.

I awkwardly clapped my hands together and whistled as I waited. A horned creature with one eye in their chest looked at me. Ancient symbols covered their body, and they breathed quite heavily as they stared at me.

“So, you guys watch the game last night? I mean you probably know how all sports games will end since you’ve transcended time so stupid question forget it,” I said.

I sighed and the horned creature simply responded with a snort that made my skin feel like it would turn to liquid. I probably wasn’t going to be on their wavelength till after the procedure.

“Mr. Smith?” called a voice.

“Yes?” I said.

“We’ve prepared your ritual circle where you’re ready,” said the hooded figure.

I nodded and got out of my chair and pointed finger guns at the other two entities.

“See you fellas on the other side,” I said.

No reaction. I sighed and walked into the dimly lit room. Black candles surrounded a complex circle drawn in blood on the ground. Hooded figures were all around me.

“So like will this procedure hurt or…”

“Please just lie down,” said one of the robes.

I did as I was told and heard a low faint chanting. At first I felt nothing, but then I felt a sharp pain like needles were sticking in every vein of my body. I screamed out as my body convulsed and the searing pain grew hotter. 

I felt like time slowed down, but eventually the pain became something else. It was like I was feeling the best pleasure imaginable and the worst pain at the same time. Every emotion went through my mind, even ones I didn’t know existed. I saw the entire history of the universe and the lives of everyone within the span of seconds. Every outdated pop culture reference and meme flooded my brain. It was like I gained an encyclopedic knowledge instantly. 

Time slowed down before it seemed to stop all together. I was experiencing the past, present, and future all at once. My death and my birth were experienced at the same time as well at the moment before me.

It might as well have been a million years before the robes showed me what I looked like. I had completed my metamorphosis. I had turned into a tall pale creature with a head that spiraled back like a xenomorph. My body was covered in ancient symbols and sharp spikes. I was beautiful. 

I decided that I would teleport to space and wait for the death of the universe in the meantime. After all, there wasn’t much left to do. This would show the IRS that I wouldn’t file my stupid taxes this year.