Meal times had become exceedingly tense at the Collins-Nightblood household. The two figures sat in semi darkness shooting figurative daggers at each other across the table as they sat down for their respective meals. 

“Cynthia.”

“Benjamin.”

The man set down a red hot plate of Macaroni and Cheese on the surface in front of him and picked up his fork, staring down the pale, white haired vampire across from him as she slowly placed an oversized novelty blood bank cooler on the table. He sighed as he took the first bite of his meal. 

“Mac and Cheese?” She said Mockingly. “How old are you, 8?”

“I need the calories.” He replied through gritted teeth. “Energy for killing Vampires.” Cynthia smirked and slowly opened her cooler, reaching inside and pulling out a tiki glass with an oversized neon green curly straw. Benjamin sighed and focused his attention on his meal. The Vampire slowly pulled out a blood bag and opened it, staring right at her roommate. As he attempted to ignore her, she tipped out the contents into the tiki jar and when the flow stopped she began to squeeze the remainder out of the bag as slowly and as noisily as she could, causing Benjamin to look up at her. Eyes locked, Cynthia brought the curly straw up to her mouth and took a large and incredibly noisy slurp.

“Are you kidding me?!” Benjamin yelled. “Do you HAVE to do that here?!” 

“What are you going to do about it??” Cynthia replied aggressively.

“I’ll Vampire Hunt the living daylights out of you that’s what I’ll do about it!” Benjamin slammed his hands on the table and pulled out the oversized Machete that he had sellotaped to the underside of it. 

“Oh Yeah?” Cynthia said, showing her fangs.

“Yeah!”

“Oh Yeah?”

“I’ll do it, don’t you think I won’t do it!”

“Do it!” Cynthia hissed through bared fangs.

“I will! I’ll do it!” He stood up, waving the machete.

“Yeah? I’d love to see you pay the £4,000 rent for this place without me!” She yelled, slamming down her tiki cup and standing up.

“I’d love to see you pay the £4,000 for this place without ME!”

“I’ll live under a bridge; I don’t care!”

“No you won't, you'd be dead!”

“No, you’d be dead and I’d be under a bridge living my best you-free life!”

“I will kill you!” Benjamin bellowed as loud as he could, machete still in hand.

“I’ll kill YOU!” Cynthia screamed back as loud as she could. The room fell silent as the two ran out of threats, and all they could hear was each other's laboured breathing. Eyes still locked they eased back down into their seats, fangs hidden and machete lowered. Benjamin slowly picked up his fork as Cynthia picked up her tiki glass. She rotated the straw back towards her face and Benjamin stared at her as he swallowed his macaroni and cheese. 

“...You dare.”