”Why aren’t you scared? I’m a vampire— I could kill you!” The elegant man in a goth fashion cloak growled, frustrated.

“So could literally every other human, you’re not special.” I replied, exasperated. "Worse, some people kill just to kill, not for blood to survive on."

I showed him the last month's headlines on mass shootings. Workplaces, schools, malls, churches - just about anywhere that people congregate.

He actually had the good graces to blanche. "That's... that's... " He struggled for words. Finally, he blurted out "That's a criminal waste! Just *one* of those lives could feed me for a week!"

"True, and if you took a little bit from each one no one would have to die." I sighed "But some people kill because they hate life, especially life they can't control."

"But that's... insane! So much of it, for no real reason..." he shook his head in horror.

"Not insane in the usual way. It's not a mental illness that impedes their life. It's a combination of various pathologies like narcissism, sociopathy, psychopathy, and sadism. They don't think there's anything wrong with them. They think the rest of the world is wrong not to give them all the power, control and obedience they want. When they don't get it, they lash out, and kill other people. For lots of them it starts with domestic violence and ends in mass shootings for 'political' causes."

"Do you have no way to stop it? I mean there are ways to stop even vampires, but this..." his voice trailed off. 

"Not really, no. Even the police are afraid to confront these unpredictable savages." I paused. "They are too afraid of getting shot too."

"Bullets don't scare me. Even silver ones - those are for werewolves." He said, slowly, thinking.

"How fast can you move?" I asked "Also, can you move in daylight?"

He chuckled "Very fast, and yes, I can move in daylight as long as my skin is not in direct sunlight."

"So a mask, sunglasses, sunscreen, long sleeves, gloves, maybe a khaffiyeh or other headgear that covered your neck?"

"Possible. Plus, when I am traveling I am invisible, unless I slow down to normal people pace." He had a wry grin. "If someone starts shooting, it's loud, isn't it?"

"Yes. AR-15s are loud guns."

"So if I heard someone shooting where they shouldn't be, do you think anyone would mind if they found the shooter dead from a 'self inflicted' wound?" He grinned slowly.

"Usually the shooter kills himself, or the police do it." I also grinned "But you might have to leave a little blood in them or it would be too weird."

"That's doable." He chuckled "To think, a vampire, sneaking in and saving lives from a mass shooter." He bowed with a flourish "Thank you."