\*Click\*

I felt the round snap home in the magazine with a slight hitch at the tip. I sigh, realizing that the dimensions are slightly off. Custom ammunition should be machined to exact specification, each one cut with the cross in the softened tip, and dipped in holy water for no less than five seconds.

\*Click\*

That one felt worse. Hassan was getting cheap, that was clear. It's like everything these days; shrinkflation. Less silver content in the bullet, sloppier on machine-time, and I don't think the last batch had been doused. All leading to taking twice as many shots to put the beast down when the moment came.

\*Click\*

Which, of course would lead to needing to buy twice as much to do the job, never-you-mind that it put me at risk. And of course, could lead to medical bills I just can't afford. I mean, I get it- we all have day jobs, but even if it's just a side hustle, maybe it shouldn't just be about the money, but the *work*. And, you know, not getting your clients killed.

\*Click\*

But nobody sees that anymore. Gas prices are up, cost of food is up, entertainment continues to get more expensive, and don't even *talk* about the way rent...

... keeps...

Oh *shit*. Araea's portion of the rent.

"Son of a fucking BITCH!!"

I slam the magazine down on my work table, sending everything flying as a red *rage* encompasses me. I think I hear a yelp, but I'm too busy being pissed because rent's due today and the undead cheapskate probably forgot *again!*

"Okay... *last* time I let myself in without knocking. Chill out, dude!"

I didn't even feel her enter. Normally there's a sudden coldness in the room, or a brief whisper of wind on the back of my neck. Sometimes, just to mess with me in the beginning she'd get right up behind me and *then* speak, words like liquid honey, filled with fire and lust. The hair would rise on the back of my neck... and I'd jump a foot and a half in the air.

I spin towards her quickly and blink in surprise. This time, she's pulled away from me, just across the tiny bedroom - well, workshop, really - looking poised to bolt if I reached for the window cord beside me. I almost feel ashamed before I remember what she is.

If I said Mavis Dracula was like, 'cute spunky', Araea took it a little too far into 'sultry spunky'. Cute black bob cut, black lipstick and eyeliner on a very pale face, tight sweater dress and thigh-highs, she originally seemed like the perfect sexy goth-but-not-goth roommate when we moved in together. And the way she ate me up with her eyes almost convinced me we'd have been having a *lot* of fun during what few off hours I had. 

"I... didn't mean you." I choked out, caught between 'how dare you sneak up on me again vile demon' and 'crap, she looks so vulnerable right now' and unable to pick a proper delivery.

"Oh?" One well-defined eyebrow shoots up over the still-spooked look in her eye. "Because I let myself in and the next thing I know you're all 'Hulk Smash' on your table there and get called a bitch."

I wince, looking back at the mess I made.

"Yeah... okay, kinda meant you. But not the way you think."

Indignation stole over her features. "How d'ya figure? You said I could come in so long as I didn't touch anything. And have I ever?"

Without waiting for an answer, she spun on her heel and sashayed out of the room. In a haste I slap the magazine back into the Vampire Hunter, and stick the pistol in my waistband at the back before following her out, checking my corners as I do. 

I needn't have bothered - she made her way directly to the sofa chair in the corner, throwing herself down on it and languidly crossing her legs over the armrest. The pout she gave me would've made me weak in the knees if it wasn't the same one she gave the night I found out what she was, and wrenched the poor sap she'd brought home from the club out of her arms before she could drain too much of him.

"With all due Ara, if you touched most anything in there, you'd self-immolate," I said, not sitting.

"Have it your way." The pout deepened. Then, after a moment's consideration, she fished around behind her and pulled out a slightly dogeared envelope, and tossed it on the coffee table. "I'm on time today. Here."

I snatched up the envelope, and quickly leafed through. She wasn't lying. It was all there. We'd make rent this month. I could drop it off on my way out.

Araea still looked hurt though, studiously ignoring me now by flipping through a magazine.

"Should I ask where you got this, this time?"

She peeked at me over the top of her magazine, a devilish glint in those bottomless eyes.

"Nope. But I promise I didn't kill anyone."

Small favours. I glanced at the tablet set up on the kitchen counter, tied to the small webcam sitting on our balcony. Dusk was falling, the orange of the sun turning to purple, preparing to cast the city in night once again. Her time. The time of danger, of the wolf, of the bat.

"Plans tonight?" She asked, a chipper lilt in her voice that belied her intent.

I could stay in. There was still leftover pizza in the fridge. And a bottle of wine. Red, of course. And if I stayed in, she would too. It'd keep others safe. She'd spend the night teasing me with those long legs and pouty lips, trying to get her hooks into me. A bloodbag that she lived with would make it a lot easier to cover rent, especially if that bloodbag no longer had the ability or desire to end her in a heartbeat.

God, I *wish* it was that easy. But no. Cause fucking rent is always due, price of gas is through the roof, and I could barely scrape together enough on my own for a single bedroom anywhere else. But with Araea living here, we had a nice three bedroom apartment with a lakeside lookout that I got all to myself during the day.

But even though she was always perpetually late (or almost), she always made up the difference. And so far, she hadn't strayed from the rules - no turning anyone. No killing anyone. And she doesn't fuck anyone in my bed just to piss me off, cause the first and last time she did that she found garlic in her pasta and *oh* the hives were legendary.

Yes, even with a vampire as a roomie, we're still occasionally petty to one another even though we could maybe kill one another in a heartbeat. But living on opposite schedules (sort of), it works. More or less. Mostly more. I think.

Tearing myself away from those inky pools, I shook off the lethargy of the trance that I was falling into. *Damn* she was good.

"Fraid so. Have to go out." I made for my coat; turning my back on her wasn't easy, but I pushed through it.

I felt her presence behind me this time; too close for comfort, but what else was new. When I glanced back, I saw a rare flicker of sadness in her eyes this time.

"Who this time?"

A pause. 

"5th and Lexington. A Jacovian nearly killed a kid. Dunno what got into him, but if he's gone blood mad, someone has to put him down. Kids are off limits."

"Gierhart." She mimicked a deep breath in. "His name's Gierhart. Was a good man, four hundred years ago, but the last century's been hard on him, especially since his last descendent died off without an heir. Weak on his left side; got staked there once but they missed the heart. Make it quick; he doesn't deserve to suffer."

She always knew. I don't know who she is in the vampire hierarchy (and I really don't *want* to know), but she *always* knew who I was after. Sometimes she helped. Sometimes she'd give them a warning, and I found nothing upon arrival. Tonight I think it was the former. Ara had strong opinions on not drinking from children.

I nodded my thanks perfunctorily, and turned to leave. As I did, she did something unexpected - she closed the distance before I could leave, and pecked my cheek. Naturally I jerked back and reached for my gun, only staying my hand when I saw the coquettish grin on her face.

"What was that for?"

"Good luck." She turned away again, tossing a wave over her shoulder. "After all, if you die tonight, who else is going to foot your half of the rent next month?"