The rap at the door doesn't faze me anymore. It used to - since I was ten and me and my mother moved in, no one had ever lived in this town except for us. I'm twenty now, and I've just moved out - so how she finds me still, I don't know.

I open the door, my eyes meeting hers. The little girl, only seven or eight, smiles. "Hi, mister Aaron! Do you have any candy?" she asks politely. I smile, trying not to flinch at her unblinking gaze. "Sure!" I hand her a small peppermint.

That's when I had the idea.

"Why don't you come inside," I invite her in. Any child with good parents would've known to turn down this offer, and maybe don't ask for candy from random strangers. But she prances in like she owns the place. "Sure!"

We sit down at the table, and her beaming just becomes brighter. She does blink, but slower than anyone else I know. "What *is* your name?" I ask her hesitantly. She knows mine from the little sticker I wear for work - Aaron, of course. But I've never learned hers.

The little girl thinks long and hard about this, as if it's a hard question, before answering, "I dunno, mister." She seems a little troubled by this, as if she's never noticed it before. "Well," I start again, "have you noticed that it's been ten years, and you're still this age?"

She looks unbelievably shocked, and after a moment, starts bawling a river. "No, don't cry, it's okay!" I try to comfort her. She looks up at me. "No one else can see me, mister Aaron! That's why I come to you!" I glance back at her in surprise. "Who...what...*are* you?" I whisper.

She sniffles, wiping her nose against her sleeve. "I'm supposed to..." she whispers back, not finishing her sentence, and wraps her arms around me tightly. I find my hand stroking her brown hair. For the first time, she reminds me of something. "'Member Lily? Your little...," she murmurs.

I'm shocked by this, because I've never told this girl about Lily. My little sister died at eight years old, of unknown causes. I was nine at the time. The memory of what Lily looks like, since we never had any pictures...had faded. It was still there, and this little girl did look like her, but she couldn't be...

"How do you know about Lily?" I ask her quietly. "My name is Lily," the girl mumbles back, "and I'm supposed to tell you to come with me."