Sigh, it just can’t ever be a good day for me. Then again, when you’re a former monster hunter trying to live a normal life, it shouldn’t surprise anyone that the supernatural tends to follow. You’d think with all the protection rituals, smudging and talismans I have around our house it would be an impregnable spiritual fortress right? 

Dead, fu- fricking…sorry mom…wrong. 

While I never personally had to hunt down the things that go bump in the night myself, my parents, mom in particular, thought it prudent I at least be trained should a situation like this ever come up. It’s like that fated day where a father uses his father’s catcher’s mitt to play ball with his son. 

Except now I’m using a monster list to determine if my daughter’s imaginary friend is worthy of getting a shotgun shell of rock salt to the face. Or silver bullet, or a stake through the heart. Whatever it was…I’m glad my wife let me keep all the weapons. 

“Five! Five big black claws, kind of like the knife mommy uses when she’s cutting up apples!” My daughter Beth sat innocently with her bear and tablet, surrounded by a circle of salt while I sat in front of her in a chair. Looking down the list, I start to check for any kind of monster with three claws…let’s see here. It’s not a demon, not a djinn, or a ghoul. So what the hell could it be? 

“Anything else you can tell me about it sweetie?” I tenderly ask my daughter with a kind smile, except below it I am both panicking and fuming at the idea of something actually getting in my house. 

“Hmm. Everytime I see Stewie he always tries to get me to follow him into the basement. He smiles a lot too, with teeth like a…like a…what are those big fishes in the ocean called?” 

“Sharks?” I answer for her. 

“Yeah! Shark teeth. Also, they’re really hairy too, long black hair all over his head and back, like a doggy’s!” She was still tapping away at her tablet, youthful ignorance not knowing of what I was going to do.

“Dark black fur and shark teeth…” Looking down the list, I found what I was looking for. Skinwalker. Native American origins, witch who gains power through evil, a shapeshifter (go figure), and can only be killed with a silver bullet. 

“Beth, baby. Do you know where Stewie is now?” I ask her. She looks up at me, thinking on her answer, then I notice her eyes look to the basement door. 

“Oh! He’s right there, peeking through the door!” Whipping my head around to said door, it was in fact a bit ajar but slammed shut when I looked at it. Sighing, I set down the list on the table and grabbed the revolver from it. 

It was specifically loaded with silver bullets in case situations like these happen. Turning back to my daughter I walk over and kneel in front of her. 

“Daddy, why do you have that?” She points to the gun in my hand. But rather than outright answer I just put a pair of headphones on her ears. 

“I’m gonna go and talk about grown up things with Stewie, Beth. You just watch YouTube in the meantime?” I tell her, tugging on her cheek. She fusses about to move away but giggles nonetheless. 

I watch her as she switches to YouTube on her tablet and puts on a video. I take it as my cue to get up and go to the basement door. Pulling back the hammer on my revolver, I brace myself for what is about to happen. 

I hate being a Helsing.