*October 13, 2023: A city suspended in the dead of autumn braces for an early assault of winter. Great thunderheads pursue an orange sun to the edge of the horizon. A bruised and bloodied twilight overwhelmed with gun metal grey threatening to loose a barrage of hail and blustery winds throughout the bare streets of Anthem City. Groves of skyscrapers sway stiffly as a biting wind chases down the last of the still-warm sidewalks and alleyways. Those unlucky enough to sleep outside tonight have already layered up and huddled around their trashcan fires. Above, in highrise apartments, lights twinkle timidly in defense against the coming tempest. A flicker of static tremors throughout the city's electronics. Radios fall silent save for a whisper of white noise as television screens switch to a still picture of a heavily stylized depiction of Anthem City's skyline. The message 'Stand by, please!' marches slowly but cheerfully across the bottom of the screen accompanied by smooth jazz that no one wants to hear. The screen freezes as the jazz cuts out. A quick roar of anger explodes from every powered speaker in the city, echoing through the shivering monolithic skyscrapers that line the heart of the city before cutting off as quickly as it had begun. A soft scuffle follows as a voice pipes up in the background*

"Ow! I stubbed my toe! I'm throwing out that coffee table... Shit, are we on? Hello? Testing! Testing! Is this on? ^^Steve, is it working?^^ ok, ok, ok, shut up!  Hello? Ok, they can hear you now."

*(ahem)* 

People of Anthem... Hi... It's me... Blight. Usually I would threaten you all with a death ray about now... or tell you I peed in the city's water reservoir... Oh! Or that one time I sent paint bombs via private courier to every city officials office all over the city! Hahaha. No, but we have fun...  I'm going to make this brief because this sidekick I have locked up isn't going to torture themselves tonight: We have a problem. I've been waiting the better part of a decade for you to turn on The Dark. I mean... the guy's an asshole! You've been rooting for a guy who beats the shit out of low-level criminals... I mean... CLEARLY, something is wrong with a guy who chooses to bare-knuckle beatdown men *AND WOMEN* just trying to make enough to feed their families but you need a villain to pick on... That's a whole other thing though. This is about why you're turning on him for the wrong reason.

Is he overly dramatic? Unquestionably... Does he sound like he chews on gravel? Ridiculously so. I can barely make out what he's saying half the time. Is he edgier than a teen with eyeliner? Also, yes... But for all his dumb bullshit, he has been there for you, saving your asses against baddies WAY scarier than I am, time and time again! Remember when the Mayor was possessed by Caliban the Terrible and he threatened to enslave all of humanity? Remember how The Dark took down his avatar of death with an improvised rocket launcher and some bubble gum? THAT WAS SO COOL! And that's coming from his arch enemy!

It has come to my attention that The Dark has disappeared as of late, and while on any other occasion, I would have already filled every house in this city with bees or something to torment you clowns, out of respect for my ornery yet worthy opponent, I'm here before you now with only a message... 

You guys are dicks.

I mean like reeeeeaaally dicky dicks. Your night knight confesses live on air about needing to seriously address his failing mental health, and you shits turn your back on him before the commercial break is over?!? God, you make menacing you SO easy! Guilt-free since 2003! You are all just really really a bunch of dicks. I can't stress this enough. I know I'm repeating myself because we already established you all get excited over some entitled douche beating up poor people but I digress.

And I know what you're thinking, "but Blight, you're part of the problem!" Fuck you. I got into this game to give him something to focus on. Oh, did that surprise you? I've known about his depression for years! Most of us so-called "super villains" have known for some time now about The Dark and his struggles. Many of us didn't even need to be told. Game recognize game. Fucked up recognize fucked up. You don't get into the "Super" game because you have your head on straight. Even Villains have some level of professional courtesy...

Here's something else you don't know. Last year... Last year, I got serious. I placed a bomb in every other sewer pipeline, next to the gas lines as much as possible. I wanted to vaporize this tumor of a city off the map. Anthem Crater would at least be worth visiting as a tourist attraction. I was going to die and take you all with me. I had the primer in my hand, and no purpose left but to twitch my thumb and it would have all been quiet... Eventually. The Dark showed up as he was always supposed to but for the first time, he didn't throw a blind punch at his problem. He sat down and he talked to me... For many hours, we talked. Even after the sun came up... Even after I gave him the trigger, we talked... He didn't just save you dicks. He saved me, too.

And he needs you right now like I needed him then. So, I am begging you... *PLEASE*... Don't be the dicks you are, be the dicks you wish to see in the world. The kind of dicks that cheer for someone doing *more* than their best every day, even if sometimes misguided. Cheer for the dick who keeps dicks like me from blowing us all up... Dicks.

*Another flicker ripples through the city as the broadcast ends, programs resume as if nothing has happened at all.confusion gives way to contemplation. Contemplation gives way to worry. Worry gives way to shame, and those people who are lucky enough not to be alone cling to each other for comfort. Thunder rolled across the sky as if in judgment of the people below. It had found the citizens of Anthem wanting. On a quiet night, you might think the city itself was weeping but as it was... All that could be heard was the tap tap tap of hail against glass.*