''I though Elves lived in the woods, what are you doing here among us humans in the city?" the traveler asked. 

''I've lived here for 400 years now, I've seen this city rise and fall, I've seen it get sacked, burned and rebuilt. I've seen corrupt guards work with the Thieves' Guild and terrorise the common people. I've seen council members eaten by a mob and I've seen a plague wipe out half the children. I got here long before this was an important place and I've seen many types like you, who think being human in this world automatically guarantees you work, a house and money. You're nothing more than a speck in my life mortal, please, do not bother me.'' I answer, sick of always hearing the sale question and having to deal with the inevitable brawl that follows.

''Jeez, sorry. Just asking a question, I didn't mean to offend. It's just that I've never seen an Elf live in the city. I've met Elves and they usually keep to the forest and the mountains.'' The traveler answers, clearly taken aback by my somewhat rude response. ''Why come here?''

''First off, those that live in the mountains are Dwarves, you can tell by the beard on their women.'' I respond, more kindly this time, since he seems genuine. ''Secondly, the Elves you've talked to are likely common Elves. They don't have to deal with the constant chatter of birds, the mad murmuring of the trees and the endless complaining of the grass they walk on. I'm a High Elf see, *royal stock* as they say. I can talk with animals and plants, which also means I can hear everything they say and it's maddening. I never got a moment of silence, I could never sleep well and I had enough, so I moved to the city. In part to escape the constant noise and also to earn some money and to live in a home that is warm in the winter and that I don't have to trim in the spring. Also I have allergies so yeah, imagine that.'' 

''Wow, that would indeed suck. But don't you have that here in the city too? The drunks roaming the streets at night, the prostitutes chatting among themselves, the people at the marketplace gossiping all day?'' 

''Yes, but at least there's a mind behind those words. An intelligent brain -well I say intelligent but sometimes... Anyway, what I mean is that these people have a story to tell, they have dreams and aspirations, they joke and jest, there is much more to their words than a tree in the woods who's never seen anything and only knows that the sun is up and the dirt is down. A tree doesn't have a mind, it can't see for it has no eyes, it cannot tell you what it remembers since it has no memory to speak of. You can read it's bark or it's rings to know it's history but the tree itself does not know, it does not remember. The birds in the trees only care about their food, their offspring and whether they can fuck you or not. The grass underneath your feet just wails whenever you step on it, but it doesn't know why, it can't tell you to look out for the stones that may lay hidden underneath them. The people here have lived, they've known hardship and joy. They can tell you a story that draws you in and makes you cry or laugh or makes you think. Even the Elves in the woods rarely leave their grounds, most of them live a thousand years and never venture further than the edge of their forest. They've never seen a city or eaten a Sweet Roll. Hell, most of them have never even been inside of a house, let alone eaten cooked food or drank mead. They may seem wise and smart from the outside, but once you met one, you've met them all. Some spend their days pondering philosophy but they rarely reach a conclusion other than 'Nature is good and must be preserved at all costs' or 'Do the least harm possible'. It gets incredibly... dull.'' I sigh, I haven't talked about this often but when I do, I end up ranting like this or worse. 

''Wow, I've never thought of it that way. I suppose we do see more than the Elves, after all, we travel to different lands, speak in different tongues and love fiercely the most mundane of things.''

''An Elf that lives in the woods knows it's trees and creatures like the back of their hand. But the world beyond could well be made of cheese and they'd never know. You humans have a short life, you want to live it. You want to learn new things, travel far and wide and do as much as possible and enjoy the very few years you have on this earth as much as you can. An Elf doesn't care about that, when it's young it knows that it has years to do so, so it knows no urgency. And once it gets of age, it's found a tree to call home and doesn't bother seeing the world, it's finds that too much effort. It doesn't want to leave it's tree behind, it needs to stay there and raise it's children. It knows not the desire to experience life like humans do.''