I'm having a good day 'til I open the front door and see who's in the kitchenette. Immediately I tense up.

"Jonathan." His voice says it all. The tautness of it, I can even see a vein standing out in his neck. The guy is insanely fit, all corded muscle, and his veins are super prominent. I guess that's just a vampire thing, to be super fit. It's just weird to think that Twilight and all that shit was actually *right* about vampires. They're all super fit, and super hot.

I'm not too bad, myself. You have to stay fit to hunt vampires, and in lieu of their natural hotness, you get equipment that makes you look badass. Everywhere I go, I carry a sawn-off shotgun loaded with garlic-packed shells. The shotgun is invisible, of course, although I had to get a concealed carry permit just to even bring it outside. Carrying it from the store to the car was technically illegal, but I haven't been nailed on a technicality since that incident with Jeremy's severed head.

I gesture stiffly to my girlfriend to enter the apartment. I close the door behind us and force myself to introduce him. "Jenna, this is Richard. My roommate. Richard, this is Jenna. My *girlfriend."*

Richard had, of course, agreed to be out of the apartment when I brought Jenna over. And, of course, he hadn't kept the agreement.

"Oh, nice!" Jenna said. She doesn't know anything about vampires or my garlic shotgun. I just keep feeling it isn't *the right time* to tell her, y'know? "Were you two friends before moving in together?"

I clear my throat, a desperate plea for Richard to play along. "Yeah," I say. "Something like that."

Richard's lip twitches, and I feel my gut go cold.

"Yes," Richard says without turning around. Holy shit, you can see his back muscles rippling even through his shirt. "Yes, we were friends."

"Yeah," I say. "Yeah, typical guy friends. Video games, sports, all that stuff."

"Yes," Richard says wickedly. "And so much more."

The entire atmosphere of the room changes in that instant. No. No way, not like this. This is NOT how my first relationship in three years is going out!

"I remember many nights," Richard's thick Russian accent adds so much more to his words. His whole vibe is mysterious, exotic. How does someone from Russia get so tan? "When I would hold him in my arms as he expressed his woes to me in the language of *passion."*

Dear God. It's worse than I could have imagined. Richard has found a way to hurt me far more potent than his claws or fangs. Not even that time he learned physic vampire powers to drain my soul little by little every day until I was a shell of my former self was this bad.

Jenna is looking at me with *the look.* You know the look. The look of utter bafflement, shock, betrayal of someone who thought they knew you, and realized all-to-cruelly that they didn't know you at all.

Turns out I completely misread her, because what she says next blows us both out of the water. "I wanna watch."

Now *I'm* looking at *her* like, uh, like, I dunno what's going on anymore...

&amp;#x200B;

I can't come up with an ending to this story, so "The End", I guess. Ciao