It had been a long wait.  The captain of the old starship needed to come out of stasis, get her bearings, then finally confirm that the call signs were indeed genuine.  The better part of two Sol hours in fact for all of this.  Still eventually Jacob was aboard the *Einstein* and speaking with Captain Simonson.  He gave the normal speech about how they had finally cracked true FTL, how the technology was completely compatible with older power sources, the works.  The captain listened attentively, asking the occasional question, and at one point even started taking notes.

Completely routine.

The captain, of course, wanted to verify the information.  She brought her science and engineering teams out of stasis to go over the schematics.  That took four Sol days and Jacob was starting to get slightly annoyed.  All the other ships grumbled or complained but gave in relatively quickly.  Nobody wanted to land a colony ship on an already colonized world after all.  So when the captain finally came back to the meeting room he gave a wide smile, sure of what was coming.

"No," she said brusquely.  "You may not have access to our engines."

Jacob was stunned.  This had never happened!

"Surely captain," he spoke with a measure, calm tone, "you don't want your people's entire journey to be for nothing.  Alpha Centauri is already fully colonized."  Jacob's wide smile was warm and genuine.  "We just want to make sure that your people achieve all that they can."

The captain chuckled softly and tossed her hair over her shoulder.  It was an odd gesture from someone who had thus far been nothing but absolutely formal.

"You would normally be correct sir," she stated with a wide smile.  "However your superiors made a mistake in believing all our scientists were unfamiliar with Terrax technology.  They actually left the bomb in the schematics you showed me.  Either that or you are an idiot who gave me the wrong schematics."

The smile had frozen on Jacob's face at that point, both figuratively and quite literally.  He hadn't seen the dart the captain threw during the hair flip, but the neurotoxin had already taken effect.  His skin rippled to the dull gray of his true species as vision blurred.

"Either way," Captain Simonson continued with a vicious grin, "this doesn't end well for you."

Edited for spelling mistake in the last line.  Doh!