Perfection is a hard sell for an assassin. Perfection means the patron wants their target deceased in such a way that the death cannot be traced back to them. The less professional among us would take that challenge up archetypically, fed by a constant diet of corporate real-docs, and they would disguise themselves as a members of the service staff. They would then wait around their target’s house, sneaking into closets and putting a single shot from a suppressed pistol into their target’s brain. They would then leave from the roof, or out a nearby window without anyone catching a glimpse of their face and the truth of their patron’s identity still as secret as it was when they took up the job. No evidence would be found to the contrary, and the patron could go on doing whatever business they wanted to do with the target out of the way. Maybe that’s what the patron wants when they send a message to the Distillery through one of our dead drops. That’s not a service we provide. 

  
The Distillery is different. The stereotype of a secret society that pulls the strings of power? It exists, but it’s not us. We don’t wear elegant suits to every occasion and don’t have any secret meetings in glamorous yachts or in private rooms of the mayor’s favorite concubine. That’s what the corporations do. They’ve got a syndicate set up for just that: the looks of a movie assassin to fit the needs of any client who comes across them. That and filing every moment of every interaction they have with you for later use. We’ve got more than a few fellows from their ranks, a fellow or two who saw the light and jumped ship to somewhere where a single mistake wouldn’t kill your family where they stand. The first thing we teach them is exactly the opposite to what they want- getting them to drop all that Hollywood ‘secret circle’ shit. The reason it works is the computer wipe of your presence from the security cameras afterwords, of the tracking and paying off of every person who caught a glimpse of your face as you worked. 

  
What, you think you weren’t seen? Mate, everyone saw that suit. Come on, you were wearing a black tie Greogio at a white tie event- in Nevada! You stuck out more than if you had showed up in full riot gear to an elementary school! Blackpeak had to work overtime to cover your tracks after, I’ve even got paparazzi photos of you and that Admiral’s son right before you capped your target, and that’s impressive. The paparazzi, not you and him- that Admiral was very tight lipped about his plans that night, I’ll want to know who was the mole later. But don’t worry about your new bud, we got him on a cargo jet over the Atlantic right now, you’ll see him after this. 

  
Now that you’re here, consider this your debrief. Congrats, Blackpeak Security has cut you off completely, all your previous contacts are burned to hell, and if your family wasn’t locked up before, they certainly are now. We’ve already gone to the trouble to dump a body double of yours into the local medical system, it’ll wash up in Blackpeak’s records in a week or so. They won’t be fooled for too long if they look, but they’re not spending any more cash on this fiasco now. That’s the aftermath, now for what you did. Operationally and mechanically, it went well. I didn’t expect you to follow up on that Spindle connection so fast, and you reacted exceptionally well after you were burned. All in all? Give that a 6 out of 10. Target got taken out and you got yourself out of all that trouble, great, but your good will is gone, as are all of your friends. Pretty shitty, all things considered. We’ve gotta get you somewhere to stay for a bit whole we build you a new background, get you integrated into the know again.   
So, here you go, your new disguise. Retired Private First Class from Sorci Armaments’s Security Forces, honorably discharged after catching the wrong end of a HEAT shell during an operation in Antwerp for that new scar on your chest. We’ve got you a meal chit, a few changes of clothes and some documents here, as well as a month of rent in a hab somewhere out on the outskirts. You keep the kit you came with, but I’d advise selling parts of it as soon as possible, we’ve got a few vessels that can take it to Japan for you to take the heat from your shoulders. But don’t get too comfortable, I’ll be picking you up in a week to go right after it. 

  
Who am I?

  
Call me Sake. You know how I said we weren’t doing codenames? That’s a bit of a lie. They can be helpful, especially when we’re going to be getting some heat. Nakago and Karuta own Japan, and I don’t want to get on their bad side a second time. 

  
We’ve been thinking for a while on your new name, it’s a bit of a tradition for us. We’ll pick something that we’ll all remember you for, and eventually you get yourself more associated with the drink that you bear the name of. Champagne’s already taken, and Martini’s been off limits ever since the last one tried to embody his inspiration a little too much. We really can’t give you anything too party-like, at least not in the western sense, all your former buddies at Halcyon snapped those up quick. Scotch is out, she’s the one who brought me in, and Wine is, unfortunately, still with us. Leaves us just a few options honestly, but the one that sealed the deal with us was that stint you had waltzing around with the Irish a few months ago- gave us quite a bit of inspiration. 

  
But all the pattering aside, I’ll try to be a bit more formal for this. You’ll thank me later.   
Yada yada, in the year of our ministry of the grain twenty thirty sev– you know what, fuck it - your new codename is Whiskey.   


Welcome to The Distillery, enjoy your stay. 

A.N. 

First post here, let's go!!! 

If you've made it this far down the post, then it means that it doesn't suck all that much - that or it does and you're looking to slap me with all the criticism that you can muster. If the former, that's great! If the latter, that's also great! That's why I posted this little prattle of mine, stretch a few of my writing muscles and get back into the flow of things. So, if you've got comments, questions, concerns, anything that you want to say, post a reply down onto the bottom of this and I'll be glad to interact. Thanks once again, and good luck on your writing journey!