When you’re a mother, seeing your kids catch whatever’s
going around is to sort of be expected. Though, most mothers only have to deal
with fevers and colds and the usual sick stuff. My daughter catches something a
little… different. Every couple of months or so, Elizabeth will come home from school
or the playground with a big smile on her face. It’s an expression I’ve come to
dread, because it also means an arrival of one of her new “friends”. Their names
are different each time. We’ve had Beelzebub, Asmodeus, Dave (still shudder
with that one) and others, but most of the time they don’t do much except cause
some annoyances for a few days. I eventually find the right ritual to cast and banish
them to the plane of existence they came from. Elizbeth is sometimes shaken by
seeing the literal pits of hell open up in our bedroom and watching the entity be
swallowed into the never-ending pit of damned souls, but a juice box and cookie
usually distracts her enough to forget. 

However, something weird happened with the newest one. 

It was like routine at this point, sitting her down to fill out
the checklist to narrow down what kind of thing we’re dealing with. 

“Okay Izzy, can you tell mommy how many eyes that show the
universe does this one have?”

“They got none, mommy.” She said while shaking her head. 

“Are you sure? They always at least have a couple.”

“Yeah. He’s just got two blue eyes right here!” Elizabeth exclaimed
while pointing to her left. “I think they’re kinda prettier than my brown.” 

“Your eyes are just fine sweetheart. And how about claws? Wasn’t
that last friend made of nothing but those?”

“Yeah, but this one doesn’t even have any. Right here. Just
two arms.”

I began to become more agitated and even a little scared as
we kept going. I had gotten so used to her describing eldritch abominations,
that I was totally taken back of how mundane she described it. There were no tentacles
or wings, or those creepy slimy tongues, to be heard of. It sounded it was just
like… a boy, about her age. 

And even weirder, it barely caused any trouble. I wouldn’t
have even known it was there if Elizabeth didn’t keep insisting on changing
seats during dinnertime or our tea parties. She told me the boy kept wanting to
“switch places” from wherever he was sitting. 

It had been about a week at this point, and none of the
rituals or ideas I had seem to be working. I almost considered just letting the
boy be since he was barely causing a nuisance. And looking back, I can’t believe
I ever thought that. 

I awoke in the middle of the night to a loud crash from the bathroom.
I rushed in to see Elizabeth on the floor, surrounded by broken glass. She was unconscious,
but fortunately she was still breathing. But, when we she finally woke up at
the hospital and opened her eyes, my heart dropped. 

Her eyes were blue now. 

I have tried everything at this point to cast out what I
assume is some kind of possession, but nothing has been useful. The… it, in my
daughter acts like the cheerful Elizabeth when we’re out in the public. But when
we’re alone, it’s cold. its eyes piercing as it watches me from the stairs. I’ve
played along for the time being, so I don’t tip it off, but when it gives me
that occasional smirk, I think it already knows. 

Just yesterday, it came back from the school holding on to
the air. It squinted those cold eyes, and for the first time since that night, I
saw my daughter give a wide smile and talk to me in a cheerful tone. 

“Mom, this is Elizabeth. She’s my best friend!”

r/HectorHoltz