The sky was the color of a concrete road that lead on and on into nothingness. Stretches of land and buildings lay empty and untouched. Except for one particular castle. The castle stood there alone, the village surrounding it almost destroyed. The large and intimidating establishment was currently being visited by the only two survivors for the next few dozen miles. 

"How could you, Kisam!" Bellows a very wide and short dwarven man. He stood behind a figure cloaked in dark black robes. He tightly gripped his axe as he stood there. He watched this dark cloaked sorcerer slowly raise his hands as bright green energy poured from his fingertips and pool up into the mass grave of bodies below him. 

"Balnir, calm yourself. You aren't thinking rationally." Kisam addressed the man calmly but without turning his head. He knew that a weapon was drawn upon him. He also knew the man had been thinking about this for some time. After all, he was the one that knew him best. 

"No, you are the one who is using your so-called logic to damn us all! You are making a mockery of their tragedy." Balnir was shouting so loudly that it shook his hands and caused Kisam to turn around to face him. Kisam's expressionless face hidden by a skull mask that covered his eyes. 

"Balnir, my old friend, you tolerated my magic when we fought together. Now, you have decided that it must end. If you haven't noticed, it has all ended. The gods are either cruel or not here to help us anymore. So, any religious or moral angle you wish to attack me with will have to be rather convincing." Kisam postulated. 

"This just isn't right! These bodies need to be laid to rest and given rites. This is different from when you were using the bodies of our enemies. These are all innocents and these are our people!" He retorted.

While the pair were facing each other. A corpse shambled in the pit and began to climb out. The almost completely skeletal figure began to pick up some of the rubble around the pit. 

"You know that this castle was destroyed when I came here. I have rebuilt it with the help of all of these people. This is their final service to the living. This village will be a starting point for us all to begin again." Kisam stated. 

Balnir muttered a small curse but put down his axe. 

"Do you think you could do this? Do you think you could help us all with your moral grandstanding? If so, have it your way. Strike me down. Destroy the evil man in front of you who is desecrating the dead." Kisam states this with subtle rage building in his voice, but he turns his back and throws his hands forward, the green energy blasting the area even more than earlier as the sounds of shuffling bodies start to begin.

Balnir grabs his axe and begins to walk forward. As he takes steps toward the Necromancer he sees all of the progress he has made. The buildings that could house the survivors, the supplies that could make living possible again, and even the care to restore the art that had been almost lost. Balnir upon seeing these things stops himself while being only an axe length away from Kisam. 

Balnir walks away.