"You called for me, my lord?" the Archdemon said, kneeling before me.

"Ah, Archie," I said, turning away from my table. "Thank you for coming in," I smiled. "Say, how are the hells looking today?"

"The suffering is steadily flowing, my lord. All demons, imps and spirits are doing their due diligence to bring horror and pain to the worlds above," he growled. I nodded, eyes heavy.

"Archie, do you like your job?" I asked. The demon before me paused.

"I... do not understand, my lord."

"Do you enjoy being an Arch-Demon?" I repeated. He stared at me blankly for a moment.

"It is who I *am*, my lord. It is not something to be enjoyed, it simply *is*," he said carefully.

"And the torture, pain, fire, all of that. Do you enjoy doing that?"

His somewhat puzzled look was replaced with a resolute one. "It is who I am, my lord."

"*Is it now?*" I said lightly. I walked back to my table and picked up a folder filled with papers; old, dusty, recovered from the deepest parts of Hell's bureaucracy.  "Do you remember who you were before you came here?"

He narrowed his eyes but remained silent.

"You weren't born a demon, Archie. You were moulded into one. Here, look," I said and handed him the folder. He extended his hand and took the papers, slowly, gently, as if they were about to explode. Opening it, his eyes went wide, mouth grew slightly agape. They were documents about his life before the hells, before the demonic presence in him. A farm in 13th century France, a wife, a daughter, a love of parsnip stew... things long forgotten and wiped away.

"Did *Pierre* enjoy torture?" I asked him. He looked up with a gaze unusually soft and vulnerable.

"I..." he rasped, "I do not remember."

"Archie, I would like you to take some time off of the whole... torture thing and just... read. Think it over. Remember, if you can. Then I'd like to talk to you again. Perhaps your answer to my earlier question will be different," I smiled.

"What if..." he slowly said, "what if my answer is the same then?"

"That is perfectly fine, Archie. I just wanted to give you something you deserve," I said.

"That being?" he said and looked at the folder sorrowfully. I set my eyes back at the table. Several more files lay on it; a select few arch-demons and demon princes who have been in Hell for too long. Demons who have forgotten, drowned in the overwhelming environment of this blasted place. Demons who are demons because they were made into them, not because they *are* them.

"A choice."