I stared in shock as I laid my eyes on the levitating blue   entity that was present before me. I stumbled back, accidentally slipping on a bottle that had been soaked in drool by my cute fluffy dog. I fell to the ground, hitting my rear on the wooden floor. That was when I realized that the specter or whatever the hell it was was emanating from the bottle. 

Probably sensing my surprise and bewilderment the creature boomed, " Greetings, master of my master. I am a genie who has been freed by your joyous pet. And to express my gratitude, I have given him three wishes. Right now, he has used none."

A surge of glee almost immediately replaced my feeling of fear, confusion and shock.  

"Three wishes? I could ask for a sea of gold, luxurious plates of food or the woman of my dreams. But am I allowed to make the wishes?" I pondered.

"Ummm, he's a dog. I don't think he can speak English. Also, since he's my pet shouldn't I be the one making the wishes?" I uttered, failing to conceal my envy.

I never thought I'd be jealous of a dog, my own dog for that matter.

"No, only my master can make the wishes. You have no right! And also, I graduated from the university of dog language" The genie exclaimed.

"Ok, but is there a way for me to be able to make them? Is there a way to transfer your ownership?" I made a rebuttal, completely ignoring the second part of his answer.

"There is but it's not ideal. You have to kill my current owner."

That statement stunned me. I gazed at my dog that was chewing on his bone as I contemplated the absurd idea. I reflected back on the days we had fun together. The days we went camping together, the time we spent relaxing near the fire place on a cold Christmas day, the  trivial but fun walks we had together and his licks on my face that were full of joy. I can't kill him. I felt ashamed even considering it. I was consumed by greed almost to the point of killing my friend.

"It's fine. Let my dog make his wish." I said after a long deafening silence.

"Very well," the genie said.

The genie faced towards its master that was now resting on the hand of a couch. What I heard next was insanity.

"Bark Bark Bark," the genie shouted.

"Bark Bark Bark," my dog replied.

"What the hell is going o-?" my thought was cut off as gold appeared before me along with millions of toys.

I cried.