She tilted her head as the fanged beast stood behind her. She could hear his rasping. She turned to look at him. 

"You know, your stench gives you away. Being dead doesn't smell pretty. Have you considered cologne?"

"Foolish girl, I care not what a mere human would think of me, your kind merely skitters in the night as the predators approach."

"Uh huh..." she walked confidently up to him, tilting up her head to look him in the eyes, "You're all that, huh?"

"Yes, I'm a terrifying creature of the night!"

"You're new at this, aren't you?"

The vampire looked deflated, "Um... turned a couple months ago. But... why aren't you scared? I'm a vampire - I could kill you!" 

"So could literally ever other human, you're not special." She turned and walked a few paces away and turned, then turned back to look at him, hand slipping into her pocket as she pulled out a pencil, "For example, right here, I have an unassuming #7 pencil. To me, it's a writing implement. To you, it's a wooden stake. You could kill me, but I could also kill you. What matters is the intent to do so. I also always keep a flashlight in my purse, and it has a daylight bulb. There's a few other things I could use to kill you. But, the fact of the matter is, we're both sentient beings with the means to kill eachothers. Question is, do you *want* to kill me, and do I *want* to kill you."

The vampire blinked. "Well... I'm hungry..."

She circled him a little, "I mean, you can obviously think, so you have choices you can make. So, are you some mindless brute, stealing the blood you need, or are you a begger, begging for the blood you need, or are you a well-connected vampire with connections at the local blood bank, heading out for a midnight snack?"

"Um... " he looked sheepish, and then ashamed "... I told myself I have no choice... but you make a good point... I guess I do have a choice then. I guess begging would be the least likely to get me killed before I land something at the blood bank." 

She smiled, "Good. So you want blood, then?"

He nodded. So she walked over to him, and took out a knife. "Open your mouth." 

He nodded, kneeling down, and opened his mouth wide. As she approached, she slit her thumb, letting the crimson drop fall toward his lips, the moment it hit, he expected its sweet taste... yet, it tingled, his lips going numb. He realized, too late, in a flash, she was at his neck, a half-formed muzzle's teeth sinking into his neck, as her fur sprouted out, and the unmistakable smell of wolf filling the air. 

She smiled, as his dead-once-again corpse slumped to the ground, her black fur turning white with the ingestion of the shattered remnants of the vampire's soul and life force, "Then again, there are those of us who enjoy free delivery."