Party! Party! Party!

"Toga! Toga! Toga!"  Fat Jibs completed his tenth keg stand to cheers and accolades.  Loki, Anansi, and the Raven gave him a standing ovation and Dionysus refilled the keg yet again.  Fat Jibs had promised us the frat party of a lifetime and by god (by so many gods) did he deliver.  

"Live for today boys!  For tomorrow we die!"  He lifted his red solo cup to the heavens and the whole of frat row cheered with him.  It was month three of the best party known to mankind since Aristophanes let Lysistrata lift her embargo.  Our small frat had made a vow to party and never stop partying until the gods themselves demand we stop.  All of us wore our bed sheets (or not) as togas and sleep be damned.  The gods, forgotten and relevant, arrived soon and now frat row resembled a food truck nacho grilled cheese paradise with barbecue pits lit up and down the row houses, college girls running like nymphs through hedges and songs and plays and drink all around. 

Then Hera showed up with a retinue of displeased mother godesses.  She was not amused.  Our party was going too late and too loud and this Saturnalia best end now.  

"No!" We cried as one fun loving, drunken crowd.  "Tonight we party!"  

"Then hear me now.  Tonight you party, but when the festivites end, and they always do, I curse you with never having as good a night as this until the end of your days!"  The mother goddess and their proclamation slammed into each of our souls and we knew it to be true.  

"Then we live for today!"  Fat Jibs tightened his toga and we hadn't looked back since.  

But then a boy from Phi Beta Buzzkill said he was tired.

Then a girl from Alpha Vegan Omega asked if there was salad at one of the food trucks.

Most damning of all, a brother from Zeta Omicron Outlook checked his email to see if his professor had responded to his thesis paper yet.

Slowly the party died.  The old gods and tricksters melted back into the beer pong tables and quarters cups in the skies, to await the next great party to grace the world.  

I look back on that night from my office on the 7th floor of my real estate company's building and sigh.  Since that fateful party I'd never had so much fun again.  Fat Jibs tried.  He called all the brotherhood together but the party had ended, the curse had taken hold of all of us, and we walked dreary and dryly into our suits and ties and offices of the future.  We planned errands, and booked after school activities, and attended painting nights with our spouses while the babysitter charged us exorbitant amounts of money. 

Would I do it differently now?  Now as I stare from the other side of that party?   Would I heed the mother goddesses and end that party early to avoid this gray and Windsor knot existence?

NO. FREAKING. WAY.