The gentle tapping echoed through the house. It had freaked me out when I first moved here, but by now I was used to it. Making sure the front and back doors were locked, I headed to the living room. When I bought the house I had tried to question the realtor about the tiny door in the wall. They looked at me like I grew a second head. Maybe they couldn't see it. It was small-child-sized and when I tried to open it, tightly locked from the other side. Only my bedroom was on the other side, and there was no door there. Just in the living room.   
Grabbing the bowl I kept on the side table, I settled onto the floor, getting comfortable. There was only one time I could open the door. At 9:00 PM every full moon. When the little girl knocked. Carefully I turned the handle, swinging it open. And there she was. Always exactly the same, even though it was ten years to the day since she'd first come calling. Holding out the bowl, I smiled.   
"Here you go. We've got a good selection this time. It's the day after Valentine's."  Excitedly, she dipped her hand in, pulling out a coconut-filled chocolate. It vanished into her mouth with speed, as I kept talking.   
"You know, sometimes I feel like the winters are getting colder and colder. It goes right through me." Staring at me solemnly, she nodded, reaching into the bowl for another chocolate. She hadn't spoken once in the ten years, except in the very beginning to ask for candy.   
"These bones of mine ache something terrible. I think I'll get a cushion next time and put it on the floor. It would be quite nice I think." Again she reached into the bowl, pulling out the same coconut chocolate. Smiling, she pushed it towards me, barely extending her hand over the tiny threshold.   
"Oh, no dear, I really shouldn't." Her face shifted, pulling down into an angry scowl. Only once before had I seen that face and I knew it did not bode well for my house. Last time the pipes had frozen for weeks, and no matter what I did, they didn't unfreeze until the next full moon.   
"Oh, well, okay. Thank you very much for sharing." I popped the chocolate into my mouth, talking around it. I didn't get much company these days, much less such good listening.  
"It's really quite a challenge you know. Sometimes I think this house is too much for me, but then I don't really want to go into an old folks' home. I think I would miss you too much." The little girl's face was quite a picture of shock and delight. I smiled, reaching into the bowl and pulling out a chocolate.  
"I think you should try this one. It used to be my favourite when I was... well... younger than I am now." Taking it, it vanished into her mouth, as once again her face turned solemn. The clock on the wall chimed the fifteen-minute mark, and I knew our visit was over.   
"Well, goodbye dear. Until next time then." She nodded, waving and stepped back as I closed the door. Standing, I returned the bowl to the side table, shaking my head. Some folks might have been concerned or afraid. Me, I just liked the company. No matter what she was, whether spirit, fairy, ghost or something else entirely, she was harmless. And after her visits, I always felt better. The aches were less, the loneliness had fled and I had a renewed sense of purpose. It was nice to be needed. Even if it was by a strange ageless being that I could only see for fifteen minutes every full moon.