Marsh Feron plopped his head in his hands. It was quickly becoming a favourite pastime of his, based purely on the amount of time he spent doing it.

A low moan emerged from his in between his fingers, like the pained wheezing of somebody who had just ran their toe into a table and was trying very hard not to scream. At this point, this, also, was becoming a hobby.

“Fire. How do I disguise fire? I might as well be a lighthouse.”

Sparks gathered around him, and as he breathed out, a quick boom indicated a combustion. Fire licked up the side of Marsh’s hands and head, now flaring up high. Each flame hissed and wavered, uncertain and unsteady.

“How the hell can I hide these?” Marsh cried. “It’s really ice, guys. It’s cool to the touch! Here, come and try me.”

The woes of a yet-to-be super were not meant to be heard by any other. There was no secret identity, no costume, no one but himself willing to listen to his laments. All that accompanied him was the scent of slight charring, and the crackles of fire that sounded almost like little laughs.

“Go ahead, fire,” Marsh said. “Laugh it up. Don’t see you offering a solution.”

It continued to sizzle. Marsh snapped his fingers, and the flames extinguished themselves, leaving wisp trails of white smoke in the air. He walked over to the mirror, and saw the exact same face staring back. Every time his powers activated, he half-expected a new burn to turn up somewhere—but so far, none did.

“Fire,” he whispered again. “How does one hide a fire? A grill?”

Marsh breathed in deeply again, feeling the abnormally warm breath fill his lungs. The heat started spreading throughout his body, and rays of orange light shone through his skin, turning him oddly translucent.

“I can hold the fire within,” Marsh said. “But nobody needs to know that.”

He curled up his fingers, and twisted his palms outright in front of him, wrists facing each other.

“I can only shoot fire when I form hadouken hands,” Marsh said solemnly.

For the first time in frustrating days, a small smile lit up his face.

He looked back towards the table, seeing the singed black marks that now pocked its wooden surface. Marsh ran his fingers over it absent-mindedly.

“Hopefully, a hero believes me and runs straight into my warm embrace,” Marsh smiled. “No more putting all the cards on the table. Just like how they love to play it.”

---

r/dexdrafts