The screaming drew fresh pain to my already deadly hang over, I took a deep breath and glowered towards the small gathering group of people a woman screamed. 

" Is anybody here a doctor! Please my daughter!" The sentence was cut by a small hitching sob, the kind you feel from from deep in your chest. With a snarl I raised my hand. 

" I am, well to be correct I'm a Necromancer. Move out of the way and give me a few moments." The crowd paused a beat then gawked at me. Another man barked out. 

" You don't look like a Necromancer"  I growled back.

" Ya mama said the same thing last night while making change for me, move out of the way damn it." I moved over and found the issue at hand. A damn soul user had somehow cursed this young woman. A very fuckin odd thing to see. I fished into my pocket and handed a fifty to the mother with out taking my eyes off of the slowly cooling body. 

"I get that you are utterly stressed ma'am but I need the biggest bottle of booze you can get your hand on, and when your getting it put all your raw emotional stress into it. I know what you are. Go!" 

A lot of the normals gave me a confused look and started to protest but she bounced out with a glare in her eye and ran off, faster then she looked like she could do. I gestured for folks to move back. I glanced at a teen and gave them a wink.

"Don't do this to impress people, Necro stuff can be draining" I pulled out a cell phone side steel case and started rolling the blue-black plant matter into a joint and help it between my lips. By the time I was ready I felt a bottle gentle tap my shoulder. The raw emotional energies within was like a fuckin sun to my eyes. I nodded and before any more questions could be thrown I opened the bottle and felt my heart and liver cringe. Half a gallon bottle of fuckin fake (safe) moonshine touched my lips as I downed all of it, then lit the raw magical weed/ magical tobacco mix and drew in a deep breath as the edges of life and death blurred. 


The soul of the young woman was there, watching the whole thing. Her form lined with her faith and magic. She watched me for a moment before tears slipped down her ghostly features. 

" You know this is a trap right?" I reached a hand out to her, ignoring her words. 

" The soul bender is using me to find you. Don't do this, just let me die." 

" I can't" was all I could say, pushing the lines was the hardest when on the fly. There was a deep well of depression in her eyes that's that ate at the edges of my soul. 

" You know you could, I've heard about you." She started, I felt my anger flare as my magic flared at bit more. In the land of the living the temp dropped as people pushed father back. In the between I snapped at her.

" Stop with the pity party and grab my fuckin hand! It isn't your time, and I will not be stuck with an old crippled warmonger of your mother to find what type of shade your ass become! Now. Grab. My. Damn. Hand." The last words flared with my will, as I reached out, hoping to do some good today. For a moment there was a flicker of emotion I couldn't get before she gave me a tiny smile and grabbed my hand. 

" Mom misses you." 

I found myself in a corner gagging as a mother's cries of relief and happiness could be heard. I flopped to my back and looked around to see said mother holding her child. The kid gave me a weak smile and a thumbs up before passing out. 

" Well" I said pushing myself up " that's that." I did my best to slip away on drunken feet but not before finding a hand gripping mine. I cursed and found the mother, my old high school crush there. Eyes red and puffy. She gave me a smile and I felt my heart swim, while my mind flinched at all of the drama ready to come my way. 

" Morgan, good to see you" I muttered more slurred. 

" And good to see you Zander." There was a small flicker of a flirty smile on her face and I groaned internally.