Voulrin, the Lord of Water. Even though I was far out of my element, that name still swirled around my mind’s eye as one of the world’s foremost mages.

In person, the sense of awe did not evaporate. Deep lines carved out weathered trenches in his face, though clear blue eyes stared at me with the intensity of a starved man with a fresh, hot meal in front of him. He held the Lord’s hat to his chest, an exclusive headgear crafted from expensive mage cloth, which could hold spells within them—not just enchantments. Waves gently swished within the hat with each step he took, flowing navy robes looking like the sea itself churned behind him, in stark contrast to the red carpet that ran down the long, cobblestone hall.

I gulped. A water wizard? And the Lord? I’ve been training with fire for barely six months!

“Hmm,” Voulrin said. “You are to be my new apprentice?”

“Yes, sir,” I stammered. “I… hope to be of use to you.”

“You will, by nature of the assignment, be quite useless,” Voulrin said. Though his words were blunt, there was no hint of malice. Instead, each syllable was clear, matter-of-fact, and held hard-earned wisdom behind them.

“I see,” I said. It was difficult to keep the disappointment from sneaking into my voice.

“Now,” the Water Lord said.  “Show me your most powerful flame.”

“Um,” I hesitated. “I…”

“Please. When I ask for something, do it promptly. You will not surprise me either way. If it is smaller than expected, the only damage is to your pride. If it is larger, then I am here. There is no better protection against fire. Of course, I will judge you on your control, brightness, colour, and intensity as well.”

To be expected of the Water Lord. It was unfathomable of me to even know a single iota of other elemental magic. Water wizards created water. Earth wizards created earth. That was the extent of my knowledge—but Voulrin spoke like he’s been training with fire for decades.

“Fine,” I muttered, probing for the sparks within me. I breathed in deeply, feeling them gather, flocking together slowly, and pushed them towards the palm of my hands.

“At me, please,” Voulrin said.

“What?”

“It is the best way to prevent damage,” the Lord said. “Even the smallest fire can burn down a castle.”

I turned towards him. He was the one who asked me to follow prompt directions. I shot out a fireball, about the size of two fists laid against each other, watching it track to Voulrin.

He simply held out a hand. A swirling whirlpool waited in his palm, which swallowed my fireball with ease.

“Not too bad,” Voulrin said. “You followed my instructions. The flame, however, is barely of second-year standard.”

“I’ve just completed my first year,” I said.

“Decently talented,” he said. “Fine. I will accept you as an apprentice.”

“Forgive me for asking, Lord,” I shuffled my feet. “But… are you not a master of water? What can you do for me and my improvement?”

“First, tell me your name.”

“Oh,” I said, feeling red creep up my cheeks. “Besher.”

“Besher. It is true I will never be able to stoke your flames for you,” Voulrin said. “But if you’d so please, do take a look at the water I am able to command.”

Voulrin held out two hands, and two massive maelstroms sprang forth. They were miniature storms spinning in his mere palms, and seemed to grow upwards every second. Yet, though they looked wild and unruly, they were controlled with ease by the Lord of Water, who swept the storms through the hall, even enveloping me.

I didn’t feel so much as a drop of water land on me.

“Ridiculous,” I whispered. “Simply ridiculous.”

“Mind you, that is without an actual water source,” Voulrin said. “But think of it as the world’s best safety net. I directly counter your element, which means unless you are a vastly superior fire wizard, you’ll never be able to overpower me.

“Fair,” I said.

“And, fire is borne of passion,” Voulrin said. “No matter what flames you put forth, I will douse you. Will that light up a blaze within you, or will it dampen your spirits?”

I stayed silent, still marvelling at Voulrin’s complete mastery of water. It was true. It would probably be decades before I could even singe one of his loose threads, let alone actually get a hit on him.

“It will not be easy. I am not nurturing kindling, seeking to slowly boost your flames,” the Lord of Water said. “I am instead your natural enemy. Few will thrive. But those who do…”

“Will become one of the best,” I said.

“Good, Besher, good,” Voulrin smiled. “Now, throw more fire at me. Try to burn me if you want. Though, know you won’t reach there in a century.”

“I’m aiming for fifty years,” I gritted my teeth, pulling the heat into my hands again.

“Good,” he said softly. “Good.”

---

r/dexdrafts