We saw it pass.

Not everyone did. Approximately half of the almost ten billion people on the planet were on the wrong side. Half of the rest had cloud cover. Some it was too light, so they could just barely see a shadow. Some were just looking the wrong way.

We saw it pass, impossibly big, impossibly fast - like a ghost moving through the sky. If you blinked you could have missed it. It looked like it was larger than the earth, and for that moment it almost felt like my feet lifted off the ground, pulled by some intense otherworldly gravity.

The news said that scientists were reporting a wobble in our orbit. Some of the ozone had been stripped away by the cloud of gas surrounding that strange other world. There were theories about how it had come screaming out from a nearby galaxy exploding, hundreds of thousands of years ago. A chunk of rock from another galaxy. From unthinkable miles away, travelling at unbelievable speed. What did it even mean for a galaxy to explode? Could that even happen?

We had gone to bed shocked to be alive. It was me and... her.

We had met in our 20s. She had changed my life. Made me a better man. Showed me how to enjoy my life. Showed me how to experience things, and showed me what it really meant to be a person. She showed me things I never thought I'd have. She gave me a taste of things I never knew I wanted. Then... Then she had left. Gone travelling. Without me.

That was ten years ago. i'd married. I'd had children, but when the news had come on the television, warning us of the disaster, my mind had immediately jumped to her. I spent a week looking her up. The internet, old addresses... Even bribing a mail clerk to give me her new address.

It had been a hundred and fifty mile drive out to this cabin on some lonely hillside. I thought it was where I was going to die. I thought it was where we were all going to die. I just wanted to be with her at the end. I didn't even tell my wife.

I was staring at the ceiling now. So was she, lying next to me. I would try to speak, but no words would come out. She would make a noise, and I would worry they would turn into sentences.

"I..." I said.

It wasn't guilt, exactly. More... Uncertainty. Vulnerability. I'd never expected her to say yes in the first place. The fact that she had... Well. Now things were different. I lapsed back into silence.

"Well..." she said.

I looked at her hair. She was older, certainly, but no less beautiful than I remembered her. She smelt of acorns and wildflowers. 

"...Yeah..." I said.
"We're still here."
"So we are,"
"A second chance," she said.
"For everyone."
She said nothing for a while. "This was so dumb," she said, at last.
"Yup. Super, super dumb," I agreed.
"Dumb, dumb, dumb, stupid," she said, her voice slow and sing-song. I loved the way she spoke.
"Yes... Although..."
"Although what?"
"Although," I said, "It's funny, I never thought you'd say yes."
"Yes," she said. "It's funny how I did that. I never thought you'd try to find me again."
"Funny, dumb. Dumb and funny," I said.
"Of course I never would if I knew I was risking anything," she said."
"Oh, me neither," I parrotted. "If I'd known I'd still have my kids and wife waiting for me after this I... Well.."
"Funny... Funny how it works like that," she said.
"Very," I agreed.
"Funny how when we don't think there's anything at stake we act different."
"Real different," I said.
"How when we're not afraid of what we might lose..."
I stayed silent.
"...We find ourselves chasing what we really want."
I smiled.

I thought it was where I was going to die.

Turns out it was where I had been to start feeling alive.