“Ohh,” I said. “That’s why you never sing ‘Everytime We Touch’ when we’re with the squad.”

“Yeah,” she replied, looking down. “It’s a problem.”

“I see. Yeah, I’d have a problem with that myself.”

Katie was one of the most socially reserved people I ever knew on campus. Even I as an Aspie could handle crowds so long as I had music to listen to or something to read like a novel or manga. This girl froze up with fear at the thought. It was a whole walkthrough of happenstance that we became friends, even more so when I introduced her to my boys Jack and Tre. One wouldn’t have thought it, but she clicked well with us, both in terms of interests and vibes. For some reason though, she was always dead silent when it came to listening to music. I always thought it was because she was self-conscious about her voice. Guess I was wrong. 

“So what about rap?” I quizzed. “Do birds show up then?”

“No. If it’s lyrical, then crickets match with the beat. If it’s melody based, like Kanye or most mumble rap, then it’s owls. 

“Funk mixes?”

She shuddered. “You ever heard a frog croak in tune to Earth, Wind, and Fire?”

I cringed. “Say no more.” I muttered.

“Yeah, it’s bad.”

“But why does that happen? Do you know?”

“Oh, I know,” she sighed as she rolled her eyes. “I ever tell you about my family tree?”

“I believe this is my first time hearing about it,” I answered with a raised eyebrow. 

She paused; the look in her eyes could curdle milk and rot fruit (though out the corner of my eye, maybe I’m misremembering, but I think I saw the classroom plant bloom). She then sighed again before turning back to me and leaning in close. 

“I come from a line of royalty,” she whispered. 

I blinked for a second. “Oh,” I simply responded. 

She nodded. “You know how whenever we accidentally turn on the radio, it always plays some magical melody-sounding stuff?”

“Y-yeah?” I said, confused. Immediately after I did though, it hit me. 

I leaned in close. “Is that why when we worked in the park that one time, flowers started to bloom around us?”

She nodded. “It’s because my family is a long line of women who were blessed to be fucking Disney Princesses.”

I winced. “Ooh, that explains a lot,” I stated. 

“Yeah, I fucking hate it. My mom’s a manic pixie dream girl mixed with a damn fairy princess, and my grandmother STILL looks like a traditional 50s housewife. I almost swung on my mom for replacing my NWA CD with the Spice Girls once.”

“Yikes,” I meaningfully contributed to the conversation. “It’s odd that you didn’t try going for an alternative vibe.”

“Didn’t try?” She dryly laughed. “Whatever color I dye my hair, it turns back to Aryan Blonde. Any nail color that isn’t Pastel Pink just turns into that. I got a nose piercing once in 11th grade, took it out when I took a shower, and the moment I got out the piercing closed like I was fucking Wolverine. It’s not that I never tried to, it’s that I genuinely can’t.” 

“…I don’t know what to say. Sorry you gotta deal with that.”

“It’s fine. Frankly, hanging out with you guys is a good experience. It counteracts the limitations put on me through the spell, and it also helps that you all are essentially immune to the Fairest Maiden’s True Love bullshit.”

“The What What’s True What?”

“Oh, right, I haven’t told you that either.” She muttered, seemingly more to herself than me. “Basically, to make a long story short, those that are close to me fall madly in love with me, similar to those old fairy tale stories. Supposedly, my true love’s supposed to shine through it, like literally.”

“Wait,” I asked, confused about something. “If it works with the fairy tales, couldn’t you have just hung out with more alternative groups rather than a bunch of geeks that play video games while listening to Hideki Naganuma, Kendrick Lamar, and The Cranberries?”

“Well, the problem is that it’s based off of my sexuality…”

“…And you’re pan.” I finished. 

“…Yeah.”

“Do you know why we’re exempt from the rule?”

“Nope. No clue.”

“And I would bet money that none of us have shined before.”

“And it’s a fat chance any of you ever will,” she agreed. 

I chuckled. “Dang, tell me how you really feel.”

She smirked. “I feel like we should start studying or else we’re screwed on the exam.”

“Sounds good to me.” I smiled. “Wanna watch some Cinderella afterwards?”

She snorted. “Oh, fuck off, man.”

We both laughed as we got back to our study session before class started.