12/23/1930, Detective Ryan Martins.

Like most people in the police force, I have two jobs. This isn't be choice, it's by requirement. As a detective, you need to get information, and being undercover in general works perfectly. Some work at grocery stores, others work at barber shops, and I work at the local pub. You see, we tried to go around and just ask people questions, but the perpetrator would outsmart us and lead us down a string of lies, hence why we go undercover now. We haven't had to go down a false narrative since.

Today, I am investigating a murder of Alec Snell. He died three days ago, and the town is stuck in shock. We have had a few tips, but since they were all typed, we aren't sure if they are legitimate. They give a few last seen locations. One says that they say Alec in the park just a day before the murder, talking to Brian Simone. Another says they saw him watching a movie just a few hours before the movie, visibly stressed, and again, next to Brian. The last letter says they saw him with Brian, walking into the woods behind their house the morning of the murder.

We knew that Brian has a relatively routine schedule on Friday afternoons. He goes to the cafe at 7 sharp. He takes the 9:00 bus to the barber shop, going in at 9:30. He then goes to the diner for lunch, leaving to walk to do groceries and other errands around 13:00. He gets home around 16:00, eats dinner, then will go to the pub from 19:00 to 21:00.

Today, he was seen doing the same schedule, but instead of being his normal cheerful self, he was clearly depressed. He was crying by the time he walked into the bar, sobbing about Alec's death. I had to feel bad for the man, he was clearly not in a good state of mind.

However, I still had a job to do. I sat Brian down towards the end of the bar, making sure he had the privacy he needed. This was also a signal to the other employees not to disturb me, as I was trying to help someone. I gave him a drink, on the house, hoping it would soften him up. It did, and we got to talking."So... Mind if I ask why you were so attached to Alec?" I asked, trying to use a similar tone and body language to my therapist."He was... He was my best friend- no, more than that. We were there for each other more than our own wives... Hell, we each worked together to get the duplex!" He said, sobbing just after. I sighed, knowing how hard this pain must be."He was... He was getting letters. Some from strangers, some from what claimed to be police. He didn't tell me until after the movies... and..." He burst into tears, his head on the bar like a teenager trying to sleep in class."Why did he do it..." Brian said in tears.

I walked around the bar and gave him a pat on the back. "Why did he do... What? Walk in the woods?"

He looked at me with his watery eyes, flooded with tears. "It wasn't a murder... It was a suicide, Ryan. He killed himself because of those **DAMN** letters." He went back to drinking, hands shaking. "And... Now I have been getting the same letters Alec got."

A suicide? How? What killed Alec was a gunshot, .22 LR, to the skull, not the noose..."The paper said he died to a gunshot, not to himself." I said, looking at Brian. "Are you sure that he killed himself?"He sniffled and wiped away his tears."Yeah... He killed himself. Tied the noose and all. Then a hunter shot him, then realized what he shot." He started to speak softly. I knew this was hard for him, but I had to keep pressing. I was so close to getting the answers I needed."How do you know all this?" I asked, looking at him,"He told me he was going to do it, and before I could do anything, he walked into the woods." Brian looked at the wall blankly. It had a painting of a nearby forest. "He went in there, and I never saw him again. I wish I said something when I had the chance, man... I really do..." Brian looked back at me. I gave him another drink, and after a few hours of him sitting and crying, he finally said something.

"I loved him."

At that point, I realized what was going on, and realized something more important. There was no saving this man, or getting justice for Alec. I wish I could do something, but if I supported the side of a gay man, let alone a gay couple, I'd be killed. I sighed.

"I'm sorry, Brian. I wish I could help, but I can't." I took out my badge and showed it to him. He looked at me, realizing his fate. He looked hopeless."I trusted you, Ryan."