The bell jingled, and the glass front door creaked open. It was the middle of the day in the middle of summer, the type of afternoon where nobody would suspect anything amiss if a coffin shop’s owner were gone for lunch.  
However, the owner of this coffin shop packed his lunch every day. He also didn’t believe in air-conditioning-the windows needed to be open so that the vapors from the lacquer didn’t accumulate and make him and his apprentice light-headed.   
Harold had a strong suspicion that he’d inhaled enough chemicals to become a medical oddity. “Should offer myself up for science,” he muttered to himself.  
“What was that?” his apprentice, Darryl, said. He was a bit slow on the uptake, but, most importantly, he was dependable. He had recently graduated high school and was going to marry his high school sweetheart, looking to start a family - that kind of dependable.  
“Nothing, nothing. See who’s at the door,” Harold said, back to his gruff demeanor.   
“It’s me,” a resonant voice replied, cutting through the lazy summer air with a crackle.  
Harold and Darryl met eyes, Darryl’s wide and Harold’s incisive.  
“In the back,” Harold grumbled.  
A giant appeared in the doorway, blocking off some of the sunlight that trickled in from the yellowed front windows despite the years of grime clouding them.   
“What do you want?” Harold said, returning to the coffin he was preparing for Vlad’s company. He felt the typical annoyance when he thought about how Vlad called the group he represented a “society,” like they were better than everyone else.   
“Just seeing how my order is coming along,” Vlad said, walking into the room and running a hand along the coffin’s edge. He patted the wood lovingly and nodded. “That’s why you’re the best,” he said.  
“Is that all you came for? To ask how the coffin’s coming along? I’ve been making these for you for decades, always the same quality. THAT I can guarantee.”  
“No, that’s not all I’ve come for,” Vlad said. He looked at Darryl. “Could you give us a minute?”  
Darryl looked at Harold; the older man nodded his assent.   
“He’s a good kid,” Harold said to Vlad when they were alone, watching his customer’s eyes.  
Vlad ignored the comment and cleared his throat. “It’s come to the society’s attention that you’re getting up there in years,” Ivan said.   
“The society,” Harold scoffed.   
Vlad continued, despite the interruption. “I’ve come today because we’d like to offer you an opportunity.”  
Harold put his paintbrush down on the lacquer lid and gave Vlad his full attention.   
“Haven’t you ever wondered how I’ve been coming into your shop for decades now and haven’t gotten any older?”  
“I figure you moisturize and stay out of the sun.”  
“Well, I do stay out of the sun.” Vlad leans back and looks out the front windows. “I left my parasol by the door.” After a moment’s pause, Vlad looks at Harold with a serious glint in his eye and a flexed jaw. “I’m a vampire. Everyone that’s come from me has been a vampire. Hadn’t you been suspicious of the accents? This backwater town’s not exactly known for its immigrant population.”  
“Never really thought about it,” Harold said, picking up his brush.  
Nobody else ever brushed off Vlad so quickly, and it took him a moment to collect himself. “I’d like to extend an offer to you,” he said when he had recovered. He paused for effect. “Immortality.”  
“Not interested,” Harold replied. “Got any other orders, though? I’ll take those.”  
“Let me elaborate: you make the best coffins in which any of us have ever slept. I’ve ensured you had steady work for all these years, and I was hoping you could ensure our sleeping situation for the coming centuries.”  
“Oh, I knew what you were getting at… and I still say no.”  
Vlad shook his head, clearing his surprise. “People usually take some time thinking about it…”  
Harold set down his brush again, this time clearly annoyed. “I’d be immortal, never dying, right?” he said.  
“Right,” Vlad said, getting excited.  
“In this body forever?”  
“Exactly!”  
“That’s why I pass. Maybe if I was younger. Now? I want to enjoy my remaining days.”  
“But you can have an infinite supply to enjoy!”  
“Bah,” Harold said, swatting at the air with his hand. “Waste it on a young man, like Darryl.” Then, after thinking for a moment, Harold continued. “Wait. Why not use it on Darryl? I’ll teach him how to make the coffins, and you can keep him around.”  
“I’d have to meet him first, get to know him. The society doesn’t want just anyone immortal.”  
“I’ll tell you what. Let me focus on teaching him to make the best coffins, and you can take the next few decades to decide if you want him. Me? I’m ready to be done. I’ve had a good life.” Harold picked up his brush once more.  
“Are you sure?” Vlad asked, unconvinced.  
“Do I sound unsure? Now let me finish this coffin for Esmeralda; I told her I would have it done by the end of the week.”  
“She’s my sister-in-law,” Vlad remarked.  
“Great. You can let her know it will be ready.”