“It’s all so tiring.”

“I understand,” said Erika, raising her coffee cup with both hands, “I do.”

“All they do is fight. Fight fight fight. And when they’re not fighting they’re either taunting each or trying to anticipate the other’s next move.” He traced a circle on the table with his index, as if to emphasize the last point he just made.

“I’d give anything to see the Grin Face behind bars and be done with all of it. Then I could maybe do something actually relaxing, like cooking or gardening—”

“Wait though, why him specifically? Wouldn’t you be glad if at least one of them faced the consequences of his actions?”

Bryan, aka the Green Mosquito, smirked. “Well it’s no secret that the Grin Face is a sadistic individual. He has planted bombs now and again. Threatened to kill people, for god's sake. If there is one person that deserves to finally be brought to justice, it’s him.”

“But he never actually killed anyone. And the threats—”, she lowered her head, her gaze meeting his, “—the threats, I’ve heard, only targeted very specific and influential people.” She moved a few strands of brown hair out of her face. “Besides, wasn’t it the Red Falcon that damaged a few houses and city buildings downtown?”

“Yeah, while pursuing the Grin Face.” He leaned back in his seat. He didn't have to close his eyes to see the countless fight scenes in his head.

“But he still did it? Broke all those windows, shoved those people out of the way.”

“I suppose he did.” He looked around the small café: an elderly couple was enjoying their crosswords, a teenager appeared hard at work on her MacBook, countless men and women waited in line. These were real, ordinary people, and he had to be reminded of that nearly everyday to really understand the impact he could have on their lives.

“Anyways, it always a pleasure talking with you Erika. I don’t know how you do it. How you’re able to see the good even in a man as despicable as *him*.”

“That’s why I’m the reporter Bryan. Always two sides to a coin.” She smiled and lifted her cup once more. From underneath one of her sleeves poked the tattooed legs of a white spider.