I sat next to the window, my fingers trailing the lines of Braille in my book, but I wasn’t really concentrating. Hard to, really, when for the first time in my adult life, there was a young gentleman about to pull up outside my house and take me out to dinner at a restaurant.

“I can’t wait,” I whispered to my seeing eye dog, Aurum, who was curled up by my side with his head on my knee. “I wonder if he will bring me flowers? You’ll let me know if he’s good-looking, won’t you? My friends tell me he is, at any rate.”

Aurum growled, and I frowned at him. He had been acting up all week whenever we were home, but his behaviour was particularly atrocious this evening when I was preparing for the date, refusing to eat his food and growling whenever I talked to him about the date. It was exceedingly strange, given that I would leave the house without him at times and he wouldn’t make such a big deal out of it. My suspicions were compounded given my canine friend’s ageing (or rather, the lack thereof). I had first gotten Aurum when I was 14, and he was already what the vet had estimated to be a two years old. Now I was I was pushing 30, and my Golden Retriever was putting the lifespan of his breed to shame. At 18 human years of age, he was a centenarian in doggy years, and yet, every vet I had been to in the last two years would tell me that I had a very young, healthy dog. And what peculiar colouring for a retriever! Almost white blonde fur!

Presently, Aurum leapt up and unleashed a volley of barks that would doubtless send any alley cat within hearing distance scurrying to their hiding places. Above his deep woofs and the noisy cicadas, I could just about hear the purr of an engine outside, and shortly after that, the doorbell rang. Aurum went ballistic.

“Dude!” I shouted over him, to no avail. And then I made to get up. That worked at once – Aurum quieted instantly and went over to my side obediently as I scrambled up. “Aurum, you silly dog, what *are* you doing? That’s a friend! A *friend*. He’s coming to take me out to a nice dinner and he probably has pretty flowers for me. And yes, I’m leaving you behind for a while, but I’m coming back just a few hours later, so you don’t have to worry.”

Aurum whined, a sound a heart-rending that I bent down to ruffle the fur on his head, and then straightened up and moved my hand to the button that would unlock the gate so that my date could enter. My fingers touched the panel, but before I could press the button, a deep, smooth voice spoke on my left.

“Don’t go, Yvette. Please.”

I shrieked blue murder, putting out my hands in the direction of the voice so as to push the intruder away. My hands collided with a body – a man’s body, toned and lithe, and I screamed even louder. “Aurum! *Aurum!* Attack!” In my panic, I took a step backwards and tripped over a shoe. Arms flailing, I reached out in hopes of finding a purchase, or Aurum, but there was none, and was bracing myself for a painful fall when an arm slid around my waist neatly and caught me.
 
“It’s me,” said the man’s voice earnestly, this time coming from somewhere slightly above me. “I’m Aurum. The same Aurum that’s been with you since you were 14.”

Having righted myself, I pushed him away aggressively, and he let go at once. “Aurum’s a *dog*,” I scoffed, but I wasn’t as confident as I had made myself sound: Aurum hadn’t pressed himself against my legs to prevent my fall, nor did I hear anything from him ever since this male voice appeared.

“I *am* a dog. Most of the time, anyway. The only time I get to assume human form is during the full moon, which is thankfully when this godforsaken date was taking place.” The scowl was palpable in his tone. The doorbell rang again, and the man claiming to be Aurum went on, more urgently, “Listen, Yvette, I know it’s a lot to taken in. But I’m a werehuman. There aren’t a lot of us – and it’s hard to live life like that. Being a guide dog is among the most meaningful jobs creatures of our kind can have, and when I got chosen to be yours, I was but a child – about your age then, too… and I never looked back.”

I sank down slowly to the floor, my hands over my mouth, trying my best to absorb the absurdity of it all. “Prove it,” I quavered. “Prove that you’re Aurum.”

“When you were sixteen, your friend Tricia was over at your room and both of you were composing a confession letter to her crush.”

I remembered that afternoon, us shutting out the sweltering heat of summer with air-conditioning, my hand on Aurum’s furry head as I dictated the text message that Tricia was typing out on her mobile. We were the only ones in the room. 

“And when you were eighteen, your brother came out to the family in the dining room. Your grandfather threw a plate at him before your parents could restrain him. He missed, what with his arthritis, and it nearly hit you.”

Aurum had caught the plate with his mouth like he would have done a frisbee, and the plate had shattered, cutting his gums and tongue. We had sent the boy to the vet immediately, with me sobbing over him in the backseat like a baby.

“Do you need more evidence?” asked Aurum quietly.

I shook my head mutely, still struggling to process the enormity of what he was saying.

Aurum sighed. “I’ve been with you for 18 years now, and I swore I would let you live the way you wanted, but I realised today that I’m much too selfish for that. I love you, Yvette. You already know that. But I don’t think you know what that means until now.”

“It means,” I said slowly, “that you have been seeing me naked in the shower the entire time, you pervert.” There was a stunned silence, during which I pulled out the taser I had in the pocket of my dress and used it on him. There was a heavy thud of a body collapsing on the floor, and I shuffled backwards to lean against the wall, breathing hard.

Did he honestly think I would be swooning just because some mythical creature declared his love for me? My *Twilight* days were long over.