The Corner Bar Confessional

The dame walked in, legs for days, lips that could curse you into a grave or deliver you to heaven, take your pick but be quick about it or she'd chose for you.  She took a seat at the bar and lit a smoke.  My kingdom to be that bit of tobacco smoke swirling up her cheek.

"Tough night ma'am?"  I slid her a bowl of peanuts.

"Scotch, neat."  Her low voice hinted at thick sheets and murmured oaths in the dark.

"Tough night indeed."  I poured her drink and waited for more words. "Must be a man.  Any man that could leave your side long enough to let you order scotch and let you light that cigarette alone, is a fool." I slid her a box of matches with my number on it.

"It's two men. "  She smiled and picked up the match book.  "One for the living.  One for my bed."  She fingered the matches and carelessly lit one.  "I'm looking for one more if you are interested."  I poured a shot for myself and smiled.

After the dame left I called her husband.  "Yes, she's cheating on you.  That's three hundred.  Cash."

\*

Mr. Falcon sat in the corner booth, back to the wall, one pistol in his boot, one in his lap.  A lackey sat sweating buckets across the table from Mr. Falcon.  I'd be sweating too if I'd dared cross such a personage as Mr. Falcon.

"Where is the case?"  Mr. Falcon asked once more as he spun a long length of pasta on his fork.

"I told you I don't know!"  More flop sweat escaped this soon to be dead man.

"I'm going to give you to the count of three to tell me, or my associate here is going to search your insides.  One.  Two -"

"I swear, Mr. Falcon!  I don't know.  It's just gone!"

"Three."  Mr. Falcon's associate dragged the man out of my bar and down the street. A loud bang and that was the end of that sad lackey's life.

"Can I get you anything else?"  I asked Mr. Falcon as I cleared the empty bottles away.

"A bottle of champagne." He laughed.  "I'm celebrating tying up loose ends."  He laughed and toasted me.  We shared a glass of bubbly before closing up for the day.  I called the commissioner after Mr. Falcon left.

"Yes , sir.  He's still got the briefcase.  I want that reward in my mailbox tomorrow."

\*

The man in the coat ordered another glass of wine.  Nothing could drown you more thoroughly than a deep red in a deep glass.  The rain outside pounded on the roof and played a sorrowful accompaniment to his dreary expression.  He continued to drown himself in the bottom of the glass.

"Another?"

"And another and another, creeps in this petty pace from day to day."  He slurred until finally slumping over the bar.  Wine will get you every time.  Well, wine and a well placed roofie.

I called up my client. "He's here. Come get him.  It's an even five hundred or I wake him up and send him home."

\*

"Look kid, you just don't got it. I've been around the block more times than a twelve year old with a paper route.  Go home."

"They say you are the best.  Take me on.  I can help.  I can --"

"I said no, kid."  I booted the young gumshoe out of my bar.  I had no need of help or extra overhead when my marks came to me and willingly told their tales to a willing ear and an easy pour.  Hanging up my trench coat for an apron was my best business move to date.  Plus I got tips.