**AITA for getting what is owed to me?**

So a little while ago this girl came in tears to my humble establishment. She was acting so desperate and whiny. God, was she annoying.

For a little context, I barter for a living—I sell these priceless potions which primarily function to make horny bastards' dreams come true. I know, you all must dripping with jealousy at this fabulous profession (/s). Honestly, it's basically free labor I offer up. These potions? They aren't easy to make. The ingredients aren't easy to find. All I ever ask for in return is a small trade.

Okay, so back to this *girl*. She was all up in tears about how she needed to be human, and how she was in love with a prince and all that. Pretty standard. I admit I might have been a bit irritated—this brat had come after hours, and I really just needed to hit the shell. Still, I think I managed to give her a fair trade. I asked for her voice in exchange for making her dreams come true or whatnot. What can I say? I work miracles.

It really ought've worked great for the both of us. I, an aging woman, get a nice young voice—years of puffing on sea weed have not in fact done wonders for it. This dumb girl gets to live out her dream. It's not like she'd really need her voice to make out with a prince, anyways. I might have added a teensy clause about reaping her soul and turning her to sea foam if she failed to get with that prince. As I've mentioned, I was cranky and tired and this girl was being so very annoying. She really shouldn't have even been there in the first place—I was being kind offering her up a fair trade in spite of that.

Naturally, this oh so desperate girl agreed, and I finally got to get some sleep. I didn't really think much of it.

Fast forward a little while, and I notice she's actually on the verge of failing. Inevitably, that prince ended up going for some foreign princess. Tragic, really. She had me convinced this prince dude would go for her (I suppose she might have been a tad naive).

The prince is getting married to that other princess tomorrow. To be honest, I don't even know why I'm here typing this—it was a fair trade. The both of us agreed to it in our right minds. She brought this upon herself. I don't do this for free and I just want to get what I'm rightfully owed. 

So yeah. AITA when I turn her into sea foam tomorrow?