And yet I had already tried to kill the warlock with it and failed, so maybe the prophecy meant that a human wielding the sword could not kill him.


That or the prophecy was just being a dick. One of the two.


I turned and ran towards the remnants of a watchtower, its stones cracked and blackened from a repeated barrage of fireblasts. Ducking and weaving to avoid the searing blasts of flame hurled in my direction, a plan was beginning to form. If no human could kill him, then I would need a different method to manipulate the prophecy, and maybe, if I could bury this warlock under several tonnes of granite, then that might kill him. 

"Yes, run, flee YOU COWARD. YOUR DEATH IS UPON YOU, SWINE!" The warlock blasted upwards in the air, extended his arms outwards with his palms facing away from him and unleashed an gargantuan stream of magma-orange fire that engulfed everything it touched in ranvenous tongues of flame. I threw myself into what was left of the watchtower. A jet of fire roared past the opening, and for a brief second the heat was overwhelming. Then, they abruptly ended and the chilling cold air rushed to fill the void. 

"Oh poor little hero, are you afraid? Are you terrified? WELL YOU'D BETTER BE, BECAUSE BY THE TIME I AM DONE YOU WILL BE NOTHING BUT A PILE OF ASH!" Roared the warlock. He lashed out at the ruined watchtower with a giant whip of flame that cleaved through the top of building like a knife through butter. Meanwhile, I put my plan into action.

Soon enough, he gave up with this futile course of action and charged through the entranceway, a lightning bolt sparking at his fingertips. At the last moment, he tripped on a tripwire, and he fell forwards, breaking through the floor and falling straight onto the sword, wedged upright between two rocks. It pierced through his chest, and with a disgusting scraping of steel against bone, the warlock who had terrorised this region for the past 300 years had been slain.

I sat down, pulled my helmet off of my head and let my sweat drenched brown hair flop down. I took a long draught from a healing potion and hoped that the rest of the army had been able to capture the Venator, a massive, heavily armoured airship with enough firepower to punch a hole clean through a mountain. If not, then there would be no happy ending, only a bittersweet *what if*? I knew full well that people like me didnt get happy endings but maybe FOR ONCE the fates could throw me a metaphorical bone.