Just for kicks I opened the letter addressed to the old guy, Nick Johnson, who had owned the house before we moved in. "We" being my lovely wife Jordan and our two lovely daughters Agatha and Dorothy. 

From the looks of the letter, I assumed it was from the Home Owners Association with news telling me to paint the garage door or to cut the grass or something along those lines. I was wrong ever so wrong. I remember opening and reading that letter as if it were yesterday and truth be told it doesn't seem like it was 600 years ago. 

Let me back up a little bit. I opened the letter and it was an application for immortality which I thought was a great joke letter to send out. Kind of like the chain letters that used to get passed around in the 1960's and 1970's. 

Inside the envelope was an application and an addressed stamped envelope with an address for a small business in Pocahontas Iowa. I was bored that wife and kids were visiting some friends on a play date and I was also waiting for my food to get dropped off by Uber Eats. So i found a pen and started to fill out the Application.

The application had all the usual lines for name address, religion, colleges attended and work history.
Then the questions started:
Do your feet hurt?
Can you walk long distances?
Do you mind cold weather?
Do you like dogs?
Have you ever used any of the following weapons?
Spear, Bow, Atl Atl
Do you have teaching experience?
Do you like to camp in bad weather?
Are there certain foods you won't eat?
Do you have allergies?
Which of the following locations would you refuse to live in?
1)Desert 2)Mountains 3) Swamps 4)Jungles 5)non tropical rain-forests 6) ruins of ancient civilizations
Can you make your own clothing
Have you ever been a black smith
How good are you at learning languages?
Do you mind relocating every ten years?
Can you walk away from things that are important to you in a moment's notice?

I spent the next couple of hours filling out the application in great detail, it was very therapeutic, as I was recalling and unpacking some mental baggage that i had been carrying around for years. I was also using this time to and face down some inner demons that i had really never faced down. 

At any rate I finished the application, signed it and mailed it off to the address shown in the stamped envelope that had come with it. As I said that was six hundred years ago. 

Back to the story, about three weeks passed and I got a return letter from the same outfit that I had mailed my "Application for Immortality" to, the same bland nondescript envelope as the original application and in the envelope  there was a letter with the following words.  

YOU ARE IN - CONGRATULATIONS 

Be nice to the humans
Learn things and teach things to the humans
Don't be sad
You will need to hide sometimes - this is very important
keep a low profile
Comfortable footwear is important 
Get a dog or two

Last note - You have about 10 years left in your current life, at this point you think this is a joke. You are not going to age from this point on, look in the mirror this is what you are going to look like for eternity. The clock is ticking, enjoy the next ten years because after that point people are going to notice that you are not ageing.

I put the letter in my sock drawer as a memento or something.

I left my family almost ten years later and have been moving ever since. I didn't age and my wife aged, people were starting to wonder why I didn't age. It was time to get moving. So went out for a gallon of milk and never went back. And that was six hundred years ago.

After the current crisis calms down a little big I will come out of the mountains and wander around an help humanity crawl back up. I will teach math, writing, metalworking and maybe irrigation. That was the job that I signed up for when I filled out the application.