"It would seem that my humans and the Encerics are preparing to go to war, Svatre."

"It would seem so, creator."

The two beings watched from an extradimensional room, viewing thousands of events at once, as though they were everywhere, when in reality, they were nowhere. 

Svatre said to The Creator, "I don't think it will be a fair fight, with you on their side."

And The Creator unto him, "I only ensure their dominion over the Earth, everything else is up to chance. You know that. But my people will prevail, with my name on their tounges."

Svatre was puzzled at this reply, and said, "You seem so sure your Humans will win. Why is this so? Don't tell me you've become infected with their arrogance."

And The Creator unto him, radiating frustration "I am not arrogant, as their corruptible hearts have allowed them to become. I know what their hearts have brought into this plane, and I intend to eradicate it."

"You are to blame for this arrogance. Your second human corrupted the whole expanse of the mortal plane."

"Of that I am well aware, but the fault lies not with me. I gave her a command, and she was tempted to disobey it."

"Enough history,  I know there is some logical reason for your support of Humanity."

"That there is." Said The Creator. "Adaptability. Do you see the Vladera willingly take on the tools of trade belonging to the Ytreks? No. Now, look at how one warring army on Earth spies and knowingly steals the technologies of their enemy to stand on fair ground. And look how the humans now have built a massive fleet in a mere decade, something that could take the Gul'zah several."

"I see your point." Replied Svatre.  "This war will be... most informative, if that is the case. The Encerics are reluctant to change their tried and true methods, and cling to them as though their lives depend on it. However, the humans follow none of their minimal doctrines. Perhaps you are right, Creator"

"I am right."

"Now moving on, over 10 billion lives have stemmed from two humans. You and I both know that isn't possible, not by any of the earliest laws of the Plane you set. I would like an answer as to where a these extra humans came from."

The Creator radiated jest.

"A trade secret, Svadre."