I still couldn’t quite figure out how old the girl was. She looked around 17 but something in her eyes made me think otherwise. She was a reporter for the local school paper and had begged me to do a story on my bar and its “multicultural clientele”. I had refused of course, I am a private man and so are my regulars. She had cried and insisted. Eventually she wore me down, it was lucky for her that she reminded me of my daughter.  
We sat in one of the booths of The Last Round, a bar I had opened 5 years ago after retiring. I had insisted we have the interview outside as this little girl shouldn’t be walking into dark dive bars with strangers at two in the afternoon, she had insisted on getting some photos and having it in the bar. Again she wore me down.  
“So when did you open The Last Round?” she asked as she took a sip of her coke.  
“5 years ago, it used to be a karaoke bar”.  
“O I love Karaoke! Do you still have a machine?”  
“No love, look this is a pretty quiet place, we have about 20 or 30 regulars, we have a poker night every Tuesday and Friday and we drink quietly every other night”. I said, crossing my arms and wondering why the fuck I was doing this.  
“O poker that sounds fun too, so there’s a game tonight? And what did you do before you opened The Last Round?”  
“*I was professional murderer for 23 years and killed 243 people for a total sum of just over $30 million dollars which I then lost almost all of when I had to ransom my daughter back from psychotic Koreans*” I thought to myself. “Tried *to ransom my daughter back to me*”, I corrected myself with a shudder.  
“I worked in stocks mostly, nothing exciting” I replied, keen to get this moving.  
“O wow my dad works in stocks too!” the girl said excitedly. I stared at her, she acted young, but those eyes just kept trying to say something to me.  
“Ok could tell me a bit about your regulars? I hear you have people from all over the world here? I'd love if you could give me some descriptions as well for the article” she asked, setting up her laptop and preparing to take notes.  
“Ok well yeah I guess we do, I’ve never thought much about it. We have Christoph Noltz, he’s German. He drinks only German beer and he paid me quite a bit to have a keg installed which I replace every few months. He’s a cracker poker player, very hard to read. He’s about 60 and has a large cut on his cheek” I said.  
“Then there’s Abebe, he’s Nigerian. He drinks expensive red wine and pays top dollar for it. He doesn’t play poker but he is one of the more social members of the bar. He knows all sorts of facts, and I guess you’d say he’s very well read. He's bald and has a strange tattoo on the back of his neck. Then there’s Lee, I don’t know if that’s his first or last name, but it doesn’t matter because everyone just calls him Lee. He’s Korean, not a bad guy, puts down the Whiskey incredibly well for an….person like Lee” I said, catching myself as I remembered this is a story on multiculturalism.  
“Let’s see” I continued, “O there’s Egor Volkov, the Russian. He’s a quiet sort, keeps to himself but he’s a good poker player. He's got a lazy eye but he's a scary sort so no-one dares mention it. Is that enough for your article?” I asked, looking at the clock on the wall.  
“I have to start setting up for tonight” I said, standing up and walking over to the corner where the poker tables were stored. “You can ask one more question”.  
“O that’s ok I think I’ve got almost all of what I was after. I guess one thing though, do you have any Brazillians come here? Any by the name of Lucas?” she asked.  
I paused a moment as I reached to get the first table out.  
“That’s an odd question, love” I said as I turned to her.  
She was still in her seat, typing away and sipping on her soda.  
I shrugged, “Yeah we have a Lucas, Lucas Silva, he’s just shy of 7 feet actually, nice fellow tho he’s good for a laugh”.  
I got the first table free from the stack and started on the second.  
“Wow” she said from behind me, closer than she should have been, “Lucas, Egor, Lee, Abebe, and Christoph. All in the same place. Talk about an efficient job”.  
I heard the metallic click, a click I knew well. I froze. Everything went black.