The noise. That was the one thing you didn’t miss. The cacophony of airplanes and automobiles, the clang of machines of war and machines of peace, the screeches of thousands of species of animals, the cries of the delusional and the desperate. Here, there was none of that.  Here, there was silence. And it was good. 

For a time, after you’d become what you became, you’d considered aiding humanity. True, they were shortsighted - they only saw what they didn’t have but wanted, what they weren’t but demanded to be. But you saw what they could be. You saw their potential, the future they could build - a future of fairness and equality, of peace and prosperity, of exploration and expansion. And you thought, in your hubris, that you could help them see it, too. 

But you came to realize, after a time, that they could not see it because their petty desires and slights and squabbles irreparably clouded their vision until they could never see what they could become.  Not as they should. And if they could never see it, they would never become it, and even the most well meaning efforts were pointless. So you stopped. And you came here. 

This place you created wasn’t perfect, but it suited your needs. The biome was self contained, allowing it to serve as home to thousands of species never before seen by any currently living beings. Though you didn’t require sustenance, you had been experimenting with creating new vitamins and nutrients to sustain these species and any others that sprang forth. Your scientific endeavors also thrived here - you had recently discovered a heretofore unknown type of matter that had existed since the dawn of creation, and were using it to uncover answers to the secrets of the universe. Granted, these experiments required a constant infusion of new raw matter,  but that was of little concern - there were always ways to address the issue. 

Your days passed in scientific endeavors, solitude, and silence. 

Or most days did. But today was shaping up not to be one of them. 

A slight variation in the environment caught your attention - a disturbance in the air, an interruption in the stasis of the surrounding molecular equilibrium - and a brief glance confirmed your suspicions. You had hoped that returning the first few visitors to their homes, unharmed but without their weapons and with no memory of your location, would have convinced them that you meant no harm and wanted only to be left in peace. Clearly you had hoped for too much. 

This time there were thousands. They were from multiple nationalities, carrying weapons of all descriptions, seemingly with the sole purpose of ending your existence. Did they not realize the harm you could do them if you actually wished to? Was not your failure to do so sufficient evidence of your peaceful intent? And even if not, what did they hope to accomplish here?

You decided to wait to see what they would do. Perhaps they would send an emissary in an attempt to communicate and resolve their concerns. 

The staccato clang of projectiles against the field surrounding your home belied that notion. 

You listened to the ceaseless noise brought by these unwelcome visitors, hoping, perhaps optimistically, that they would realize the futility of their efforts and depart. But then you sensed a further shift and saw them launch what to them must have seemed their ultimate attack. 

The warhead streaked through the air and collided with the field. Why would they do this with thousands of their people outside the field, exposed and defenseless? Did their lives mean nothing to each other? Had you wasted your time ever trying to help them at all?

The explosion came - a clear radiance that illuminated the sky in all directions, providing a view that you had never before experienced in this place. Humanity had its flaws, but it did know how to make a beautiful light show. A pity the thousands of men and women outside the dome would never see it, or anything, again. 

But at least their deaths, while tragic, would serve a purpose. It would be many weeks before you would need new raw matter for your experiments. 

A brief distraction, but it was over now. Hopefully that would be the last. 

You did not miss the noise.