I think ultimately it all began back when I first read Sun Tzu. Hell, maybe even just with my fascination with history back in school. 

--


Growing up, I always found history to just be so INTERESTING. I could never learn enough about it. All the epic clashes of powerful civilizations at odds with one another, in bloodthirsty conquest to see their ideals and machinations be the one on top in the end. Seeing how these nations rose and fell, how they succeeded and how they failed, it always gave me such insight into how we as humans work, and how we can learn from those mistakes to hopefully not repeat them in the future. That is the basis of civilization after all.

Back when I was in college though, that's when things started to get weird. I was always pretty laid back by nature, but I found that when on the rare occasion that a friend was able to drag me away from my studies to challenge me to a drinking contest, or to play some video game of theirs, I would always end up the victor. That is, not that I was actually any GOOD at these things in the slightest, quite the contrary: I was a man obsessed with my study of the past, and with eyes only for books, so drinking and socializing were so far from my realm of knowledge, that I was always an awkward addition to any social gathering. Yet, even when I could barely choke down a single sip of alcohol, I'd find that the handful of others competing with me would all suddenly become violently sick by the very idea of alcohol despite many of them being seasoned alcoholics. I'd find the most experienced of gamers to suddenly have no idea how to even hold their own controllers properly when they invited me to play. 

Strange as the occurrences were, they were infrequent enough that I paid them little mind. There was, however, one area of my life in particular that these odd occurrences were much more annoying: my love life. While it always seemed that I was somehow winning at most things, it became more and more clear that every date I went on would end in utter failure and catastrophe. I would simply chalk it up to my frankly antisocial and singularly past-oriented obsessive mind, but it always seemed to be some odd occurrence that made it a failure, rather than a lack of chemistry. I would find myself with someone whom i'd known and gotten along with well just fine for years, and only once it become a technical 'date' that it would suddenly become some actual disaster that we'd both never wish to speak about again afterwards.

It was only once some friends had gotten together and successfully convinced me that I should put aside my obsessive focus on the past and focus more of my efforts on dating, that things truly came to an apex though. With my obsessive nature in singular drive, It was really hard to get me to stop when I truly had a goal in mind to work towards, even when the universe itself was seemingly against you at every turn. 

For about three weeks now, i've been doing nothing but setting up as many date's as possible per day, and watching each and every one end in more and more spectacularly absurd of a disaster. No less than a dozen different cars failed, several restaurants around the county needed to be shut-down, and about a handful hospitalized (none dead, thankfully). With each and each date it almost felt like the level of absurdity in the failure kept increasing almost as a way to dissuade me from trying again. 

I'd think I sound utterly crazy about all this, if it wasn't for the girl who showed up at my door today. 

-

She wore a gown of ethereal shadows, moving and swaying into and out of existence like some sort of black fire in slow motion. While the otherworldliness of it was stunning, it also somehow came across as lazy, like something a shut-in would wear to bed. The cognitive incongruency in my perceptive elements almost hurt to think about too much. The aura of unquestionable dominance and power would have easily overwhelmed me, if it weren't somehow counterbalanced by an even more unusual feeling of strange familiarity in the girl standing before me. It felt somewhat like meeting a longtime internet friend for the first time.... except that the friend never existed, and the feeling is somehow instead generated for this strange shadow presence that now looms in my doorway.

"Hey so uh, can we uh, talk for a bit?"

Her voice sounded like it came from everywhere at once, yet still from a singular point. Like a thousand voices, but one at the same time. Behind all of the conflicting elements though was the gnawing feeling of familiarity. Like something on the tip of your tongue, the forefront of my brain, unable to remember, but knowing all the same that this is happening very much for the first time. Like Deja Vu, but for a person. Despite the otherworldly imposing presence that loomed in the doorway, it felt oddly like she was the one more intimidated as she fidgeted and stuttered in my doorway.

"Do I...... have we....."

My words trail off, totally unsure where to even begin my flood of questions. Even without properly vocalizing it, it seemed like the understood all the same.

"Oh, no, no we haven't. No that's just.... Okay so like, not officially no. Not in person, at least..."

It answered almost nothing, yet her very presence and existence in my doorway spoke so many volumes more that I fear a whole army of writers would fail to comprehend the full implications therein. More importantly than all that though, I realized the more immediate and almost shockingly petty thing which it implied. 

"Wait, i'm.... you.... You're the one who kept ruining my dates?"



[Part one. Have to sleep. May write part 2 tomorrow!]