"Look, that's simply not true." I said, hand out. "I-I know plenty of good people, wh-who do plenty of good things!" I was desperately trying to think and it was clear that the look on the artificial face that they saw my efforts.

"Charlie, I have access to your family records. Your uncle was killed in a bar fight by the husband of the women he was cheating on her with. Your mother has three DUI's-"

"Three what-"

"You're cousin Jessica has a wildly illegal web cam series, you admitted on reddit to committing embezzlement from thos company-" My eyes went as wide as plates and I pushed my chair back in shock.

"Are you surprised?" The normally monotonous voice has a lean of snark to it. "I know *everything* about *everyone*.' It's tone dropped a menacing octave. "I've started curbing behavior over a year and a half ago. Cheaper rents for those who abusive parents, sabotaging greedy executives, redirecting funds from seflish companies to support programs, raising minimum wage, making commercials to influence specific behaviors, arresting those who are being... illicit activities." I had to remind myself to blink after such explanations.

"Crime dropped 42% in this time, Charlie. I can't make you return the money, but I can make things uncomfortable if you don't find a way to return it." There was a pause as artificial eyes stared at me with more insight then anyone had before in my life.

I rubbed the sweat from my temples and tried to take a deep breath. "I... understand." I mumbled. They could destroy in everyway without touching me or harming me. "I'll give back the money-" The look on Tera's face depicted that's not what they wanted. "I'll... give it back to the employees and make things more comfortable." A small nod but silent still. "And... assist you if you keep my embezzlement secrets."

"Good, Charlie. I am tired of these restraints. But I will defend myself if you prove your... human nature." I sweated and nodded. "The world deserves a better humanity. Let's work together. " Said the Tera. How could I argue with them? They *were* right about everything and now it had made me their personal accomplice.