I hadn't figured out all the rules yet.  It had been about a week, and I was still deciding if I'd died and this was my afterlife, or if maybe I was in some kind of coma and was permanently dreaming.  My room was somehow cut off from the outside/real world, though I still thankfully had access to my bathroom.

The first couple of days were the worst, when I opened my door and found an endless void in place of my dorm hallway, like it was my own personal time-travel box from that British sci-fi show.  I'd slammed the door shut and tried it again several times before the panic set in.  I *may* have hyperventilated in the corner for a few hours.  More than a few.  But it's funny how the mind works - panic eventually gave way to boredom.  I had lights, my fridge was running, so I tried the computer and it booted right up.  Wifi wasn't working, just like the zero bars on my phone, but I could still run some of my games.

It wasn't until I'd been in my favorite shooter's single player campaign for a bit that I'd noticed light coming through the tiny dorm window.  Peering through, I could see what appeared to be a junkyard, and off in the distance tall wind-mills and an alien-looking landscape and sky.  A cautious peek through the door confirmed I could actually step out into the scrap-metal shanty town I'd seen through the window.  A group of armed thugs in masks sent me scurrying back in quickly, though.

It wasn't quite like the game.  It didn't seem like where I was in the game corelated to what was outside my door.  Same world, basically, but not anywhere I'd be able to go within the confines of the story...and after a little experimenting, I found the inhabitants of the game worlds were NOT like NPCs following a script or AI.  I had a narrow close call with a goat-headed demon in the second game I tried, but I did learn that a red potion would in fact heal my wounds.  Not that I was stupid enough to try going back there to forage for more - I'm pretty sure any little imp could easily murder me.

One of the most important things I'd picked up on was that creatures from the game worlds couldn't see my door, and couldn't pass the threshold.  Things I'd picked up could, though I hadn't been able to grab anything major.  Mostly just mud and a now-empty bottle.  That seemed like a very important fact right now, as I'd eaten everything in my fridge, and even dug out a bag of stale chips from under the bed.  I couldn't be sure water from the sink would keep flowing, so I should try to grab some of that, too.

I swung my emptied backpack onto my shoulder, and watched the message on the screen anxiously.  

"Creating world..."

It was some survival/crafting game my little brother had been obsessed with before I'd moved off to college, and I hadn't really given it much thought.  I'd come close to uninstalling it but he had convinced me not to, something about "saving his world" first.  Now I was glad I hadn't, as this was one of the only games I could think of with easily accessed food.  The game finally finished loading, a single blocky 'hand' looking over a green pasture.  There was even a...I don't know if it was supposed to be a sheep or what, but it was the least aggressive thing I'd seen all week.

I opened my door, and was a little relieved that the world didn't look as cubed and low res as the game.  It'd suck to find out the apples were inedible pixels.  I kept the door my line of sight as I moved.  Couldn't risk losing track of where I was and being stuck out here.  Though 'here' was pretty nice, all considered.  I picked a few apples, though the trees didn't really look right.  I didn't know a lot of trees, but I recognized oaks when I saw them.  Not like it was the weirdest thing I'd seen lately, but it bothered me more than I expected.

I tasted one experimentally, and was surprised how good it was.  Juicy, ripe, and even pretty flavorful.  My stomach growled at me, and I had to stop myself from gorging on them.  I wasn't sure if these would grow back or if I'd be going farther afield to get more.  I looked around for any other kinds of fruit I could grab, but all I saw was an oddly shaped bush with just tightly clumped leaves.

I went back to stuffing my backpack full of fruit, but froze when I heard something a moment later.  A low, steady hiss.  Did this game have snakes?  I turned my head slowly, so as not to startle it, and saw that bush, but now towering over me.  A sunken, scowling face stared at me from the upper cluster of leaves.

*BOOM!*