“You know-”  
  
He took a deep breath, the pads of his fingers turning a ghastly white as he squeezed his thermos, then returning to normal as he forced himself to relax.  
  
“Uh. I hate doing this. I’m sorry, I swear I never do-”  
  
“It’s okay. Take your time.” She smiled up at him, one hand snaking out to maybe find his, hesitating, and landing on the table half-way.   
  
“Yeah, yeah, of course. Sorry. I just wanted to say… I’m a veteran, you know? I did my tour, I returned for a second. I served my country, you know? *For better or for worse.*”  
  
His eyes turned down, boring a hole in a fake knot of the wooden table, his voice growing hushed as he suddenly became cognizant of the quiet atmosphere in the small, cozy cafe. He scanned the other customers warily - making sure he hadn’t caused a scene.  
  
From one corner to another - a man absentmindedly sipping a rich espresso, a mother trying to wrangle two wispy-haired kids, a woman lost in her computer screen, wistfully typing away, and then her -  
  
Her brunette hair was tied back in a loose ponytail, her clothes were casual, but in an effortlessly cool way he could never manage for himself. She preferred a muted, dark palette in seemingly everything but her earrings, which twinkled with a rainbow of shades as they caught the last droplets of orange afternoon sun. Her eyes, above all, were fixed on him, and suddenly, he couldn’t bring himself to analyze her further.  
  
He couldn’t afford to study her, to make sure she wasn’t a threat as he had with everyone else who got too close. If he looked too close, thought too long, he might lose her. What were the odds, exactly, that the one-thousand-and-first stranger would be the only one out to get him. She nodded gently, encouraging him to continue. All the angry, bitter words he had wanted to spill caught in his throat.  
  
“I just… I feel like I can do more. I can help people, instead of doing desk work for someone who does. It’s too early for my life to have hit a stagnant dead end.”  
  
For a moment, he thought he noticed her demeanor change, a newfound determination lighting up behind her - beautiful, piercing - eyes. Her hand wrapped around his, squeezing gently, but insistently.  
  
“Why don’t you?”  
  
Her question, especially how earnest, sincere, and concerned it sounded, felt like a white-hot slap across his cheek. He had to do everything he could not to physically recoil, channeling that shock into a frustrated shake of his head.  
  
“It’s gonna sound so stupid-”  
  
“It won’t.”  
  
“I… I work for the Guardian.”  
  
Her eyes went wild, her hands clamping over her mouth, and she sat back heavily in her chair. The commotion wasn’t loud - but the movement, combined with the sudden creak of wood against tile drew the eyes of the others. For a second, all the attention focused on the pair, like a spotlight - one that was far too hot, too scathing for him. He jumped up, slinging his bag over a shoulder, and murmuring a soft,  
  
“*Sorry, I’m- I knew this would happen. Sorry… sorry.*”  
  
Leaving behind everything that wasn’t already in his hand, he bolted out of the coffee shop, ducking left into a side-street he’d never taken before - he knew the route like the back of his hand, though. He’s studied it hundreds of times. He’d never be able to use it again, or get coffee there again. Too dangerous. Too public. Too predictable.  
  
Another left, then past one intersection - if you could call it that. Residential buildings squeezed him on either side, their imposing height and density making sure it was more difficult to track him. Left - this one for half a block, before a sharp right between two houses. Aside from the residents of the buildings, he might have been the only person who knew about that narrow path. It was private, but that didn’t faze him. Nobody would be there at this time anyway.   
  
He heard a whisper at his side - something was with him now, slithering through the shadow of the tight alley, faster, and faster - it was gaining on him. He knew there was no outrunning it. Pivoting sharply on a heel, he assumed a fighting stance, facing down the vague outline he could now clearly see barreling toward him. A moment passed, and it was upon him - a mist of black smog, churning and roaring. His personal nemesis.  
  
Before he could brace against a brutal strike, imbued with dark magic, the smoke began to dispel, a humanoid shape materializing in midair, still hurtling toward him with terrifying momentum. Even in the shade of the alley, he thought he made out a lock of hair billowing wildly through the air. There was something uncertain about the figure’s movements - he could tell it wasn’t due for a safe, or graceful landing.  
  
His body moved on its own, an instinct to preserve overcoming his short-circuiting paranoia and anxiety of being discovered, and outed. Every muscle in his body operated in symphony, tensing and relaxing as his assailant careened into him, sending the two tumbling, interlaced, through the grass and gravel between two tall apartment complexes. The green under him, a small rectangle of evening indigo-blue sky above, and the orange bricks all blended into one murky shade as he rolled, rendering every sense null except the feel of a body against his, which he held tight. Green, orange, blue, orange, green, orange -   
  
His world went white as his back collided with an unyielding wall, sharply stopping all movement. Aside from a nasty crunch, everything was once again completely silent - including the ever-present muttering in his own head. He blinked, once, twice, shapes and colors slowly returning - and something new among them. Something oval, with wisps hanging either side - something that bobbed in and out of view, disappearing, and reappearing. With every moment that passed, it - she - too came into focus.   
  
“Ohmygod ohmygod… *Jesus Christ*… okay, okay… I have to call someone…”  
  
As she flailed back and forth, looking down either side of the alley for help, her warm hands pressed either side of his head, his mind reeled - the entire time, it was her. Her? Last he’d faced it, he didn’t even know that thing was human, but now he knew so much more. It was her.  
  
She ripped a phone from an inside pocket of her jacket, trembling hands failing to type even three numbers - tears had formed in the corners of her eyes, as her desperation and helplessness mounted. A hand found her wrist.   
  
Blood pouring down his face, one arm bent in a way that turned her stomach, he fixed his gaze on her, stone faced.  
  
“You can’t be here when they come. You have to run. Now. Go!”  
  
She dropped the ringing phone, shambling away, clutching her ribs. Halfway towards the light, she froze unable to take another step and leave him crumpled, alone.  
  
“I’ll find you! Go!”  
  
And go she did, praying they would talk again. 

\----------

Hi! Hope you enjoyed this short piece. If you want more infrequent writing, you can find it at r/secondcabinontheleft. Thanks!