This is my first attempt at a writing prompt. I ran out of time, but here is where I ended up.

"If you'll pardon my saying, yer majesty, in all me life I've never 'eard such talk from one such as yeself."

The blacksmith shifted his considerable weight from one foot to the other. His sweat-beaded face was a knot of suspicion and bemusement. He had surely misheard the King's request. Yes, that had to be it - his ears had finally succcumbed to his advanced age. Or perhaps this was some cruel test of his character. "If that is so, I am surely failing," he thought.

The King sat sideways in his throne with his legs carelessly swung over an armrest that was finer and more gilded than most carriages the smith had seen. He folded his left arm lazily across his chest, tucking his hand under an elbow as he held up his right hand, inspecting his fingers and nails disinterestedly. As he spoke, his voice echoed dauntingly throughout the enormous, marbled throne-room.

"Smith, I summoned you here because my men tell me you are the finest among your trade. Is it not so?"

The smith nervously wiped his thick, coal-blackened hands across the front of his leather apron. "Aye, y'majesty, it has been said, though I would not profress so myself." If this *was* some test of character, the smith had no mind to fall afoul of it by boasting.

The King laughed under his breath. "Be at ease, blacksmith. There is no need for false modesty. I have seen the fruits of your labour. They are masterworks, all. You bend iron and steel as easily as the wind bends wheat. The quality and refinement of your wares speak for you in total. That is why you are here. And so I repeat my request: will you draw upon your skills to create for me something as sick as fuck?"

There it was again, that most disarming and bewildering of questions! What had possessed the King to act in this way? While his  demeanour and manner of speech were confounding to the smith, the growing impatience in the King's voice was all too clear. There was no more time for questions, no more room for explanation. The smith heard the words echo across the great hall before he even noticed they had escaped his bearded lips: "Yes, y'majesty."

"Wondrous!" The King leapt to his feet in excitement, causing the smith to leap backward in surprise - a reaction that would have surely cost him a day in the stocks had he not quickly transformed the manoeuvre into a low, respectful bow. "Come, blacksmith. There is something you must see."

The blacksmith's mind reeled at the events unfolding before him. To be led through the castle into the deepest, uttermost secret chambers by the King himself! It defied every protocol the King's courtiers had hastily prescribed before the royal audience. It was all he could do to comprehend the sheer magnificence of one exquisite room before the sight of another had pushed the previous entirely from his mind. Before long, he had lost all sense of time and direction. How long had he been following the King on this disorientating procession? And where would their journey end?

The smith finally had his answer when the King threw open the doors to a pitch-black chamber in the oldest, most unfathomable depths of his domain. As they entered, the smith's eyes watered, yearning for even the faintest light with which to see. As the chamber doors closed behind them, they were plunged into a sheer black darkness unlike the smith had ever known. From some distance, he heard the King whisper "this way."

It was impossible to know from where the King's voice had travelled in this abyss which threatened to swallow up the smith and squash the air from his lungs. As he staggered forward, panic began to set in. He fell to the floor, completely unable to orient himself. "Y'majesty- I can't--" he began to splutter as he crawled across cold, ancient stone. Before the smith could take another breath, a single word rang out in a booming voice quite unlike the King's: "HERE!"

A moment later, the chamber began to tremble as a portion of the ceiling slid apart, revealing a circular shaft through which a pale moonlight shone. This soft lunar ray fell upon a crystalline, blood-red anvil which rested on a raised section of the enormous chamber floor. Upon the anvil was an ancient hammer. It's head, too, was blood-red and crystalline in appearance. It's plain wooden handle was wrapped in worn strips of blackened leather.

In that terrible moment, the King's request became clear. Rising to his feet, the blacksmith rushed forward. "This is foul magic, y'majesty, forbidden to mortal men. No good can come of this, none! I won't do i-"

"ENOUGH!" The King's voice rang out like a thunderclap, stunning the blacksmith into silence. Though the chamber remained dark and he could barely make out the King, he could see that some terrible change had taken place. The King's next words were spoken through a curled-lip smile: "take up the hammer and get to work." It seemed clear to the blacksmith that he would have no choice but to obey his command.