A blood curdling scream could be heard across the hallway. I covered my ears with the pillow, "Reyna for God's sake, keep it down!" 

"Just shut your ears, asshole! Can't you see I am hungry?" Genuinely wondering how nobody other than me ever hears her.

"Well, why don't you try eating outside then?! I don't want to hear a fucking live torture session everytime you are hungry!"

"Another word and you'll be the one taking his place!"

"I'll gladly take it. That'd better than hearing your voice everyday!"

"Oh quiet, you! Let me feast in peace at least. The guy went unconscious because of your rambling, don't you know they taste best when they are fresh and conscious." 

"No, you fucking lunatic! I have to get to work tomorrow and that guy's screeching is making it hard for me to sleep. You are lucky that I haven't decided to kill you yet."

She entered my room covered in blood, all to scoff at my words, "Aww would you look at that? Little wittle Alex thinks he can suddenly defeat a vampire even though he hasn't even learned how to flush the damn toilet till now."

I threw my pillow at her, "Go away! That ugly face of yours is burning my eyes. Now I understand how your kind feels after being out in the sun for too long." I say, covering my eyes. 

"I can't even drink your blood because it already smells like cow piss."

"You've tried cow piss? God dammit just how fucking thirsty are you, you blood sucking hermit?"

"I am not a hobo unlike you bitch."

"I am saying this because you are a hobo."

"No I am no-"

The front door creaked open. The guy escaping fell on the floor, possibly due to blood loss. 

"Poor him, I am pretty sure mosquito bites felt more arousing than whatever the fuck you put him through."

"Look at you talking about arousal. Atleast I can get guys unlike you, my vagina becomes dryer everytime I see your face."

"And I get reverse boners seeing you too, the feelings we have for each other is mutual." I turn away from her. 

"Now get out before I throw a light bulb at those nasty ass teeth of yours. Try brushing them once in awhile too."

"Whatever." She says, getting out of the room. 

I close my eyes ready to fall asleep. 

*Beep Beep*

"AHDKSJSNSNS"