When the vampires had walked into his shop Samuel believed his plan had been uncovered. He thought they had come to end him then and there, but instead they had propositioned him.  
  
The tallest vampire said, “Mr. Telgar you have created wonderful works for us over these last many decades. We have decided you should know we are all vampires, very much like the stories tell.”  
  
They all flashed their fangs as if that was all the proof he needed. The leader continued, “Now we come to offer you the chance to join our ranks as recompense for all you’ve done. We would be delighted to have your skills among us forever.”  
  
Samuel did his best to feign shock with just the right sprinkle of fear as if this revelation had left him speechless. He looked between them with wide eyes and when he spoke he gave his voice a slight quiver, “I-I am honored that you would consider this, but I am just a simple craftsman. I love to work and create, but since my wife passed away I’ve longed to be with her again. To spend millennia without her would be impossible. I’m afraid I must refuse your gift, I hope that I do not offend.”  
  
His words hung in the air between them for a long moment, and he waited for them to pounce. Instead they put on sad faces and the leader said, “We understand. Immortality is not for everyone. Know that your work will be missed when you are gone. I trust our secret will be safe with you. We’d hate for our relationship to go sour after all these years.”  
  
With that the trio walked out of his shop and into the night. It took a while for his nerves to calm. Of all the nights for them to offer they had chosen the night of his plan’s ultimate culmination. Perhaps the Gods were simply having a go at him.  
  
He spent the rest of the night working in the shop doing basic work in case anyone was monitoring him. The chances were unlikely, but he couldn’t risk everything now when he was so close. His anticipation kept him buzzing the entire night.  
  
After dawn broke he spent some time cleaning up before reaching under his workbench and pulling a hidden lever underneath. A door popped open in the center of his shop floor revealing a set of stairs descending into darkness. He sauntered down the stairs making a conscious effort to control his breathing and clear his mind.  
  
A switch on the wall at the bottom of the stairs turned on soft yellow lights that illuminated a single room with a large stone coffin in the center. Silver runes interlaced the entire surface appearing like veins and arteries that grew up from the floor and consumed the coffin. All of the runes converged upon a single, massive ruby set in the center of the coffin lid glowing with a deep bloody light.  
  
Samuel made his way over to the coffin and ran his hand over the surface. These runes projected an imperceptible sphere of influence over the entire city. Vampires all over the city would be turning in for the day to rest inside of coffins that resonated with that power unbeknownst to their occupants.  
  
For the last few decades this has been happening, and each night a tiny piece of their life force has been harvested and collected here in Samuel’s ruby. He pushed the lid and it slid smoothly open. Samuel climbed inside and pulled it shut.  
  
Now he would reap the rewards of his labors. Power flowed into him, filling him with pain and ecstasy. Throughout the city vampires would feel something similar but be powerless to stop it. Soon they would all be enthralled to Samuel and he would become the most powerful being in the city.