The building was immaculate. Front hedges were perfectly trimmed, there was no sign of rot on the wooden exterior, despite a literal millennia of wear without repairs, and not a single statue even slightly out of place. These people had money. 

"Hello, this is the Blue Century Historical Society?" I asked. 

The doorman looked at me. I had everything there. I had the license. I had the order in my back pocket, if we asked for it. I was in uniform, too. This was the easiest gig I would probably ever do, and everyone else would be infinitely more confused. 

I work for the Founder's Drinking Company. It was started by Alexander Tarkinton, codename "Wine" with a few others. We had fake names we called each other, and then we had codenames. The other co-founders were "Light Beer", "Tequilla", and "Liquor". I was recruited early, apparently I was the first person who had been sent to take them down.  When I figured out who they were, I joined them. 

"Did we order *Founder's* Whiskey?" The doorman shouted in.  "I was told it was Burke's."

"Sir, I have the order right here." I took out a small receipt, and placed it in his palm. "We were sent the order by Mr. James Barkley, for 2 barrels of our finest Scottish Whiskey." 

"Is that Jerry?" a man yelled from the back of the first floor. I could hear some other house workers shuffling in the back, too. 

"Sir, it's Founder's. Did anyone order any Founder's Scottish Whiskey recently?"

"Oh, it's arrived! Finally! Get the boys, we've got to unload this thing!" he cried out. 

The doorman smiled at me, and handed back the receipt. "I'm assuming it's paid for already?"

I pointed down at the receipt. "I wouldn't have that if it wasn't, now would I?"

In reality, the sale wasn't the point. The whiskey wasn't poisoned. Not only would that lead to a lot more death than what we wanted, it would, guaranteed, lead back to the company, but back to me, specifically. Sure, we had completely fake, disposable fall guys for if this failed- my name wasn't actually Jerry- but it would mean loads for our stock prices if we were associated with murderers, and the government would most likely shut down the company for health concerns, ruining the whole point of the operation. We were meant to be hidden. 

The whole point would be what came in a minute. 

A pair of large, burly men all came outside, wearing shirts with "The Boys" labeled on them. Most likely just your normal group of movers, hired specifically for this high society sort of deal that was going on. Alongside them, came another guy. My target. 

"Hey, it's Jerry! Founder's told us the alcohol would be here today!" Johnathan Hosworth came out, all 5'10, 210 of him, wearing a shirt that almost seemed to  be designed to be ripped. He was the newest member of the Blue Century Historical Society, and apparently, was also a pretty large micro-celebrity trying to hit the big time. He was set to star in a new action movie alongside Christian Bale and Eliza Gonzalez as a primary antagonist, and damn did he look the part. Ripped to the cheeks, he was clearly working out. The fact that there was no paparazzi currently around the house was surprising, too. That was especially true, too, given how outspoken he was politically. Now, I'm not one to get into politics, but given his views, and how he was now in a high society setting where those types of views tended to be looked down upon... well, let's just say it wasn't surprising when we got the call to take care of him. It was a lot, too. 20 mil up front, 40 mil afterwards. 

We went back to the truck, where the barrels were. 'The Boys' got one, as Johnathan and I got the other. 

Here was where what I did came into play. 

Now, everyone in our group had some sort of power. Wine was a psychic, Light Beer could turn selectively intangible- much better than completely intangible, trust me- and completely invisible and unhearable. Tequilla was an *actual* perfect shot, and everyone knew that. Everyone knew everyone's power. Well, they knew everyone's power except for mine. 

That was because I told them the truth. 

No, literally, that was my power. I told the truth. Luckily, though, it wasn't a curse. Well, it *was* something I was cursed with, but the witch who did it was mediocre at best and essentially let me control reality with my words. I couldn't tell a lie. Physically, it was impossible. The world shifted around my words. With one caveat. What I was saying needed to be heard. 

This was why, all I needed with someone was one moment. Well, all I really needed to do was say what would happen in the future with my words, but saying it directly to my target would be more fun. Kept the boredom out of the job. Alongside that, by making someone listen to my words, I could force them to do anything I wanted them to. 

It was why, when I had someone here, I would have some fun.

"Hey, Mr. Hosworth." I asked.

"Yeah, Jerry?" he looked up at me. The Boys were out of earshot, now, so I decided to make my move. 

"You will completely understand my intention behind what I say for the next minute."

He tilted his head, confused.

"You'll stand still and stop speaking for the next minute, with all your attention solely focused on me."

He stopped, still holding the barrel, but his face shifted to pure panic. 

"You will die on the 4th of September, 2022, at 8:23PM, during a house party at the Blue Century Historical Society's first ever building. You will die from strangulation on the third floor bathroom of the building. You will be unable to communicate any of this information, in any manner, through your emotions, speech, writing, or any manner that would allow someone to explain that this is beyond your own free will. You will be strangled by your own two hands. It will feel painful, like an entire baked potato is stuck in your throat. You will die attempting to convey how someone forced you to kill yourself, however, everyone from that point onwards will convey it as your last words. Whatever you think those words will be, they will be scrambled in your last moments. Every part of your body except your brain will act as if your brain wasn't aware of this information. You will act jovially and happily until your death."

I looked at him, deep in the eyes. There was a deep seeded fear within him, despite his jovial smile he now held. 

"You will continue as normal."

"What was that, Jerry? I'm sorry, I didn't catch it." Johnathan  Hosworth chuckled as he helped me carry the barrel over.

"Oh, it was nothing. Don't worry, good sir." 

With that, we carried on, bringing the barrel in, and setting up the rest of the party. I left for the company, knowing exactly what would go on later that night, in the third floor bathroom. 

\---------------------

Good lord, that was dark. I honestly don't feel comfortable what I've just written. I can write brutal scenes, but damn, dying from that without any control or ability to express fear, that...

I don't know, tbh. It's late at night, I'm tired, and I need to get some sleep. See y'all soon.