I’ve always wanted a sister.  
  
I was about to have one before I died. My mother was pregnant, I was so excited to have a sibling! We could share each other’s clothes and do each other’s hair, it was going to be wonderful! But… then I died.  
  
I died peacefully, though sometimes I think I say that just to console myself. I’d think that after all these years I’d be able to handle reliving that memory since I’m already dead. In the movies ghosts are always so nonchalant about death, you know. I think that’s because in movies they don’t want their audience suddenly dreading their mortality in the middle, especially if it's a comedy movie about ghosts. Its goal is the opposite, I think. To stare death in the face and laugh. I wish I could do that.  
  
But then I discovered you. I don’t know why I latched onto you. I think it's because I wanted to live in a family like my own, but I couldn’t bear to stay behind at my own house. I didn’t want to give them false hope that I was still there, or see them grieve me. I just wanted to forget. So I lived through you.  
  
I apologize for any harm I’ve caused. If I had a corporeal body I would have beat those bullies up for laughing at your story about automatic doors which were actually just me. I enjoyed watching you grow up, pretending to be your sister. I know it’s a stupid dream, but seeing you happy made me happy too.  
  
I thought it was ironic that you had imaginary friends as a child, like the kind old Ms. Beeswax and the fabulous Cindy Cinamon. They were adorable, and the antics you had with them never failed to make me smile.  
  
Remember how you thought your music box was broken because it kept opening at random times? Those weren’t random. Whenever I’d see you sad or crying, I’d open that music box, hoping it would help ease your pain. I wish I could have done more, I really wanted to be a good sister. You didn’t have any siblings, just like me. I wanted to tell you, in my own ghosty way that you weren’t alone. That you had a sister.  
  
Then you started to grow up. And what an amazing woman you have become. You don’t need me anymore, you probably never did, but I needed you. I finally got my closure, the one thing I never had: a sister. You were that sibling for me. So thank you. I wish I had a corporeal body for only a moment so I could actually tell you all of this, so you can really know that you weren’t going crazy. Those doors weren’t automatic, they were opened by me! They were always opened by me. Have a good life, sister, and thank you for being mine.