I'd only went on a first date with them because of the horse in their profile pic. A chestnut with a long, red mane and eyes like fire. But nearly a two weeks after that awful night they're still texting me every night. The fact that their hobbies included the board game Risk should have been enough of a red flag to warn me off.

They were charming enough at first, even a little romantic, and they didn't look half bad from a distance. My schedule has been pretty full the last couple weeks with work so we met up for a quick lunch, a nice little sandwich shop. Sadly the shop's only semi-vegetarian option was a tuna salad sub, don't get me wrong, I love tuna salad, I just have to make sure that I don't end up eating it more than once a week or it gets pretty boring. I can't remember what my date ordered, I think it was something with barbecue sauce on it because I remember trying to think of a funny pun to say but I was stuck on calling them a BBCutie which was perhaps a bit too forward for having just met. They insisted that we sit facing the entrance which was kinda strange, I'd wanted to sit out in the sun but they said that it was too crowded. It didn't cost me any effort to accommodate them so I just went with it.

The couple at the table next to us was bickering quietly about something inane. Our own conversation was a little bland too, we both glossed over any details about what we did for work, well, they said that they "patrolled the earth, stirring up war and all manner of strife"   
At the time I assumed that just meant they travelled for work and liked to gossip. We bonded a little over both being stressed by work and not sleeping enough.  
By the time we got our sandwiches the couple that was bickering had escalated into screaming at each other. I was so overwhelmed that I ended up just giving my date my phone number and taking my sandwich back to work to eat it. My date had been staring at the door too so I think they wanted to leave as well, oddly, when I touched their hand to hand them the napkin with my number they jumped as though I'd startled them. 

Our second date was a little more formal, dinner at a nice restaurant. I was originally worried that they were going to ghost me after I abandoned them on the first date but we had some pretty solid text conversations in the intervening days. We met at a park close to the restaurant. I just walked from my apartment and they had some friends drop them off, the driver of the black sedan was a skinny white guy, I didn't really see in the backseat, all I saw was someone lost in a black hoodie and I kept hearing a third person coughing.   
Our reservation wasn't until seven so we wandered around the park for a bit. I showed him around the duck pond, they were all quite friendly to me because I usually throw them frozen peas on my way to work. The ducks stayed well clear of my date though. This was apparently for good reason because when one walked close enough he kicked it. 

   I'm not terribly proud of this but I pushed them right into the pond and ran. He kept texting me for the rest of the day, one downside of phones becoming waterproof recently.