Holly was confined to one room for now, which meant that there was only one room’s worth of space for her to bound about like a bunny with nuclear plants for lungs.

“Holly,” Clarissa said sternly. This was after trying calmly, politely, and exasperatedly. A different approach was sorely needed.

At a dime, Holly screeched to a halt, looking at her mother with those great big innocent eyes practically screaming: “Am I in trouble?”

“Stewie said to stop,” Holly said.

“Great,” Clarissa mumbled under her breath. An imaginary monster with more authority than her mother. Just great.

The problem was—it might not be quite so imaginary. Whenever Clarissa fell asleep, for a brief limbo when she was between this life and the dream one, she swore she could still hear Red’s call from beyond the void. Red was her friend in what felt like a lifetime ago, and she remembered the stocky monster with four nearly identical limbs that cartwheeled around all the time. He came complete with a goofy grin and four eyes placed in between each limb, like decorative olives on pizza slices. Should she drift off into a daydream, when she jolted awake, she often found a sketch of Red on something nearby, whether it was pencil on paper or ketchup on pizza box.

Red didn’t harm her, not even a hair on her chinny chin chin. But Clarissa wasn’t so sure about Stewie, especially when Holly turned up with those thin, smarting cuts on her arm, which the child brushed off with an easy laugh.

“Look at Stewie, Holly,” Clarissa said. “How many claws?

Holly placed one finger on her chin, her eyes narrowing into recesses of deep thought. Then, struck with brilliant inspiration and accompanied by a bright smile, she held out her hand, pointing at her fingernails.

“Are claws the things at the ends of your fingers?”

Clarissa breathed in deeply, and nodded.

“Those are your nails. But claws are kind of likes nails. But they are sharp. And look dangerous.”

At her mother’s answer, Holly whooped with delight, clapping her hands together.

“Oh, then these don’t look dangerous at all. They look fun! See, Stewie is clapping too!”

“I don’t see them,” Clarissa sighed. “But OK, I suppose they can look fun. But, Holly, are they sharp?”

“Not really. They are rounded and flat. They feel kind of nice to touch, actually.”

Clarissa looked down at the pad of paper she held, filling in rounded discs on Holly imaginary friend’s fingers. She scanned the drawing again. The head protruded with spikes like a morningstar, though two clear eyes stared back. He was giving a thumbs up, which looked exceedingly weird when said hands sprouted from a smooth, long body that coiled loosely in the middle like a tired anaconda. The legs, all five of them, sprouted out like spindly beanstalks.

“... What in fresh hell is this thing?”

“He’s Stewie,” Holly beamed.

“Goddamnit, Stewie,” Clarissa raised her voice a little. “I don’t know who you are. I want to not care who you are. But hurt my daughter one more time, and I swear I will strangle your.ne… stab you in your stupid mace head. God, I need water.”

With a huff, Clarissa stormed out of the room, muttering swiftly under her breath.

Holly turned to Stewie, who, for all intents and purposes, looked rather normal. If a child took some clay, and formed it into an approximate shape of a human being, it would look like Stewie, except he was quite a bit more purple.

“You made mom angry,” Holly said, wrapping her hands together.

“Sorry,” Stewie said, before transforming himself into an exact replica of the thing that Clarissa had drew out. “But I can’t help it! It’s kind of fun to play with somebody who can’t notice you.”

“Does that mean you don’t want to play with me?” Holly sulked.

“Oh no, darling,” Stewie said, transforming into a robot rabbit, dull grey metal covering his body, and eyes glowed and crackled green. “Now, I’m not going to catch myself.”

“I will catch you!” Holly yelled in joy, and proceeded to run her stubby legs into Stewie’s new lithe form.

“You can certainly try,” Stewie laughed, each syllable resplendent with glee.

---

r/dexdrafts