"Ok, time out, warlock."

The man gave me a curious look, hands still spread in an attacking gesture. "What did you say, human?" He asked. Lightning arched between his fingers, eager to be sent out as an attack. 

"You said "no human", but my sword here isn't a human. Its a sword. Just steel and leather."

The warlock gave me a scowl, which softened slightly as my words sank in. "Wait, is that what that means? But your blade hasn't slain me..." he narrowed his eyes and peered at my sword. "That leather isn't made of human hide, right?"

"What? Ew, no, its..." I thought back to the blacksmith I had purchased the sword from. "I think it'd be goat skin, but I'm not 100% sure." 

"So assuming that is not a human or other hominid based leather" the warlock said, "it should be able to slay me."

"But it isn't." I looked at the warlocks arms. "Your sleeves are on fire, by the way."

He looked down to see that they were indeed ablaze. The summoned lightning must have caught an errant sleeve or thread. He quickly shook the fire out, and magically repaired the burns on his hands. "Thanks", he said. 

"Sure thing. So how exactly does that protection work? Is it anything a human holds also can't hurt? What if I shot an arrow at you?"

The wizard brought a blackened hand to his chin in thought. "I have had an arrow deflected previously, so it must be anything a human does with intent to hurt me." 

I sheathed my sword, and tried to think this through. "But what if it wasn't done intentionally? What if, say, a man on a mountain tripped, causing a rock fall, that eventually hit you? Thats lethal, but not intentional."

The wizard looked perplexed. "I... I don't know."

"Well", I said, "do you remember who gave you the prophecy initially?"

"Yes, it was Mordechai Goldberg, in the Wizarding library of Alexandria." He said, stroking his luxurious beard. 

"Well, could we go ask him? Where is it?" I asked. "I didn't plan anything for this afternoon, so I'm good to go."

The warlock stared at me. "You would travel with me to the Wizarding Library of Alexandria? Across the grand desert, the perilous mountains, and the boiling sea?" 

I shrugged. "Sure. Sounds like more fun than returning to my uncle's carrot farm." 

The warlock grinned. "I shall honor a truce, warrior. We shall resume combat once the quest has come to a satisfactory conclusion." He held out a gnarled hand. "Do you accept this proposition?"

I took his hand. "Agreed. Lead the way."

With that, the Warlock turned on his heel, and strode to the East. 

"So why do you have such an-OW FUCK" the Warlock leapt back, clutching his ankle in pain. 

I saw a long, wickedly colored snake slither into the nearby foliage, away from where the warlock now lay collapsed in pain.


Huh, I thought. That definitely wasn't a human. 

r/SlightlyColdStories for more