I stood there before a group of listening kids and parents.  I was now old and wiser than I once was; gray hair, wrinkles, and hair sprouting from my ears.  Everyone else here looked young and healthy, but I knew better.  I’ve lived longer than others and know.

I spoke, “while Magic exists everywhere and runs every facet of your lives, I urge you to resist it.  In resisting, your impact on this world can be extended, and when you finally call upon your powers you can seek to use them both wisely and for the good of your family, friends, and others.  To give into temptation, is to give up on time and seek stagnation.  The way to freedom in this world is simple; rejection. Rejection of Magic.”

As a child, my life was miserable.  Not being able to perform magic caused me to flunk most classes.  I was bullied by kids, picked on by teachers, and a burden to my parents.  I was given ‘special’ tools to push me through my mandatory education.  A desk for sitting and writing at, a pencil for writing, and even a piece of rubber to erase errors.  The other kids could sit on a conjured chair, burn text into paper, and reverse mistakes with other spells.  When they were done, their papers flew to the teacher, a quick dispel cleaned their area, they would float out of the classroom, and there was no remanence of them ever being there.  The disparity of what I could do vs. others just grew as I did.

I had one positive memory of school though.  There were a few that learned I couldn’t be hurt by their magic, they would joke I was so magic-dumb that I couldn’t even respond to it, and used me as a test dummy.  As a result, I eventually snapped and punched a kid out; that gave him a nasty black eye. It almost got me suspended, but when talking to the other parent, the principal laughed it off saying the other kid should have just used defensive magic and since no magic was used, there was no real offense.  He had used defensive magic, it just didn’t work.  That flashing memory brought a momentary smile.

I continued my speech, “the reason for refusing Magic’s temptations is gaining time,” It was time to say the repetitive lies I needed to make those here believe me.  “I’ve rejected offers for help and healing throughout my whole life, and I will continue to until more listen and learn the truth.  I speak to you today at the age of Fifty-two years old.” There were a few gasps from the audience.  The audience here would not believe I was really sixty-two.  They would not believe I couldn’t be healed of my scars, wrinkles and age appearance. I continued on one of the truths I learned about Magic, “Magic is wielded by the power of one’s soul, not one’s body.  If you only exercise your soul, the body will wither quickly.”

That was a summary; when you rely on magic to live, it will eventually fail to carry the body’s burden.  People die in various ways depending on whom you are.  The poor grew fat and died young of cardiovascular diseases and other curable illnesses.  When you only move your body with magic you eventually HAVE to use magic to move your body.  Then there were the middle class of mages, the specialists who restored one’s image would magically reduce fat and add muscle where it had atrophied.  With each healing and with age, the specialist’s efforts and costs grow because the recovery, for unknown reasons, becomes more intensive and difficult.  Eventually, these people can no longer afford healing or their bodies just fail through numerous ways.  Finally, there’s the upper class, this group of people die surprisingly young. They seek more frequent healing and alteration specialists to improve appearance.

I knew it was time to peddle my goods now, “With that said, there are ways to train one’s body to match their souls.  You can extend your life and be free from magic’s attempts to squander your potential.   I have right here The Book of Rejection and it is available to all of you for modest fee of...”

“BULL SHIT!” An audience member yelled out with his magically amplified voice.  Others nodded and a couple chuckled.

This tactic never failed: speak of profoundly in a way that contradicts what someone knows and offer a reason you would lie to them, money.

“I see you doubt my words.  I certainly understand your caution.  Who else also doubts my words?”

All the parents lit magic lights above their heads to affirm their doubts.  The next step was learned.  You can’t always ‘prove’ a point with a random person.  That random person might not have magic that will wow and impress an audience.  For this step, I employed a fallacy I call the strong-man’s argument.

“You there with the oddly brilliant light,” I strangely pointed with my finger to a fake audience member.

“I ask you to come up here and help me prove the power of rejection.  I want you to use your strongest magic against me, and I will defend myself with the power of my body and my soul’s rejection.”

The fake stepped up, he was a high tier mage, and a friend met under unusual circumstances, “Are you sure old man? Maybe something weak like a force push will do the trick.”

The air shifted, a wave of force swept through the area, and dust became airborne, but I remained unmoved.  Some of the audience eyes bulged at this, less than visual, demonstration.  At this, it was time for the finale.  Acting like I noticed nothing happen I replied, “Please, cast your doubts upon me.”

At that, some semblance of anger appears on the actor’s face, he raises his right hand flat side facing me, and pretended to concentrate on one of his more difficult spells.  The mana in the air vibrated and members of the audience used their defensive magic as a precaution. Finally, the fake spoke a spell few people ever witness, “Obliterate.”

A 3 meter orb of absolute darkness and void engulfs the area I’m standing. All sound ceases as the audience turns towards the assailant, recognizing the category of this spell.  One even starts shakes, pisses himself, and whispers, “murderer…” After a few moments, the spell sucks into itself and all it engulfed disappears. Well minus myself.

I stand there and state, “Now as I was saying the book is available for a very modest fee...” After a few more words and statements, the majority of the audience by the book. My added help whisks the pee off the person he scared with the wave of a hand.  I know this book may do some good for the world by helping people live longer.  In reality though I’m not doing this for good, after failing for so long this is the only job I could reasonably get to earn money. I’m old, I’ve got arthritis, and no one can heal me.  A cushy apostle of rejection is I am now.