Farron Crusade

World - Devial

Mikial felt the bolt of energy hit him in the back. It blew through his armor like nothing so it must have been fired from close range. An ambush after clearing the village and an end to his part of Hurron's Aid. As death began to take him Hurron's song got louder as was promised.. yet something was wrong, the notes he heard where changing. The god of honor and order should not be changing his song, it was a steady beat of a heart, of matching feet, of pounding dough. He unlike many gods did not change his song and many that had been in the final stages and resurrected said it was steady through out the process of dyeing. Something must be wrong, but it is not my issue he has called me home.

The first thing that comes after being brought back is sound or in this case the lack of it. Hurron's call became muted and the gentle sound of wind played. 

"I order you stand Paladin, speak your name" the speak of magic binds me.

"Mikial" I gasp, the cold pooling into my gut is strong. Like a sudden ice bath, strangely I hear a raging river nearby. Something is very wrong with this resurrection. The training in breathing we received to speed up the binding process kicks in as I start thinking of all the things I want to see. My  brother, friends, the temple I trained the last decade at.  Slowly light begins to come back and my sight returns to a nightmare.

Before me stands a small man in alderman clothes besides another fallen brother, pulled up out of the stream by battle sister Heller. I look to my side to find my rifle missing, but my sidearm still holstered. Small blessings. The cold has not gone away and a strange chant I feel in Hurron's call, some twisted magic has been trying to interfere, but I worry not Hurron's blessing is the most resistant to enchantments, though the spell must be a strong to be felt this much.

"Raise in the name of Nastu, fulfil your Oath to Hurron, and listen to my words without judgement. I order you Stand Paladin, speak your name!" a slight, but steady, voice chants out. That is no man, but a witch! Doing open necromancy no less!