It became difficult to track time by counting the days. The length of my hair and beard dragged along the ground, even when tied up by a rudimentary vine net sourced from the nearby forests.

I walked around freely, however. The animals in this area have learned to recognise me by sight, and most likely scent—it was difficult to find soap here. But even then, some upstart with more talons than good sense would attempt to take me down, only to find out that I was more indestructible than the rocks. And a good pelting of rocks might not kill them, but hurt them well enough to tuck their tail between their legs.

But there was something else today. Something in the air made everything skitterish. It was a sight to see a T-Rex run around like a headless chicken, huddling with creatures that would once be considered potential food.

Hell, I don’t blame them. I would find my own brethren if I could. But alas, a granted wish meant several compromises. In this case, I was a man before my time, destined to live out my immortal life amongst things I have only seen in picture books. The hope was that over millions of years, I would be sane enough to once again approach anything resembling civilization. Not even the one with computers and the internet. Preferably the one where they decided wiping their own ass was an effective hygiene tool.

I could feel it too, just a little. Like there was something hotter in the air, something dangerous stalking up from behind you, and a foreboding sense of knowing that whatever came next, all you could do was pray and be prey.

It had to be today. About one-third of the way to my exile from humanity.

I made my way to a small, grassy gnoll, and plopped myself down on the soft field. I looked up into the sky, watching the sun sink down into the horizon, a leaking ship in the ocean on its final journey.

Yet the sky remained bright. It was coming.

I still felt pain, you know. Not to the scratches of sharp twigs or bruised feet, but an overwhelming longing for the future.

It was difficult. It will be difficult. I even considered many of these creature friends. But the world evolves only when it is on the verge of being destroyed. Ask any cornered prey how fast they had to learn things to survive.

A hard reset. One of several on the way to the advent of humanity. I settled in, and tried to keep my eyes open.

To watch the planet fall.

---

r/dexdrafts