I hate people who hate drugs. No, really. What honest reason do you have to feel so strongly about what people do to their own bodies? 

Maybe those weren't the best kind of thoughts to be having as I waited out the uneasiness brought on by taking half a strip of acid. Set and setting, they say - not that changing what I thought about would help me much in that regard anyway. 

Two glocks on the table. A stack of iPhones, still in their boxes, next to them. SK felt so good about this run, he started using one exclusively to cut lines on. Now I'm not thinking poorly of the lifestyle, here; but maybe these weren't the best set of influences for an upcoming 12 hour trip. And just like that, I could feel it start working. SK's voice came in much more clearly than usual, as I recognized the negative path I was heading down as clear as if it was written in front of me.

"Don't be bugging, bro. It's all good." 

And it was. I could go anywhere I wanted. I could do anything I wanted. Sometimes I forgot that we ran this city. I almost bust out laughing. The last time a cop tried to knock on our door, his daughter went missing for two weeks. No one could fuck with us. 

But still, I wasn't doing myself any favors by sitting at the stash spot waiting for the come up. I walked out the door, almost too quickly, trying not to notice how the walls were breathing while giggling to myself.

When I say we ran the city, we really did. Some in the crew say I ran the city, but I wasn't dumb. I called the right hits, I made the right deals, whatever; but I knew I never moved work or put someone out like that. My crew never would've let up on me if I got all kumbaya on them like this, but it's true, I couldn't have done shit without them. 

I actually busted out laughing. I'm in a community, I thought to myself. A wonderful, loving and supporting community filled with cold-blooded killers, human traffickers, scammers and robbers. And I loved every single one of them. 

I almost kicked over this cat just sitting right in front of me. I knew for a fact by the tear in my eye that I was tripping on some acid at this point, but this felt weird outside of that. Nobody in this part of the city owns nice cats. 

But this was a cute cat. Its fur was white, puffy, and completely clean. Even though my foot just  almost connected with its face it was just sitting there, licking its paws. 

It looked up at me as if to say, 

*How are you, child?*

No really. This cat was looking like an infinitely wise wizard, whiskers and all, looking at me like a caring grandparent. 

"I'm doing good, how are you?"

I said it before I could even stop myself. Like the left half of my brain took over for a second, interrupting the right half's urge to bend over and pet it. 

*I'm splendid.* It turned over on its back and started rolling on the floor. 

*Listen. We apologize for the sub-par conditions we have put you in. But it was the best we could do considering the...paradoxical nature of your request.* 

My brain, on acid, deduced this all from a glance from the cat as it played in the dirt. KM, of the Southeast 43rd Gang, their ego rent from soul, was utterly paralyzed. 

*You've done well. You've sewn love and community in a barren field. These souls will find peace everlasting, directly because of you.* 

The cat quickly righted itself, standing on all fours.

*However, we cannot let you do your work here any longer. Your influence is too diluted, giving nourishment to some without banishing the darkness within them. Still, we are impressed with your capabilities as a human. Certainly, this experiment was not as failed as we thought it would be.*

KM was painfully aware of the Window peering into their soul; yet this knowledge was available only to the left half of their brain. And yet the rest of his being was subtly aware, aware enough of the dissonance to speak while the left half thought:

Do I have to go now?
"What are you?"

5.2653 kilometers away, SK was yelling at a family of three, brandishing a fully loaded FN-15 assault rifle. He erroneously believed that they were housing a man he thought he hated. But as the adrenaline wore off and the reality of the powerlessness of the mother and her teenage daughter set in, he put out of his mind the reason he gave to himself for being there.

*You may recognize me as the Angel of Death. I wouldn't be making such overt appearances if it weren't just about time. I know your physical being is afraid, and it won't do any good telling you, but I'll do it anyway.*

The cat rubbed itself against KM's legs, and started purring.

*We love you.*

SK acted impulsively. He shot the man laying face-down in the hallway floor twice in the head. The first bullet severed his brain stem from the rest of his body, affording him a death free of bodily pain. But his wife and daughter didn't know, or didn't care, and began screaming in fear and misery. SK yelled instructions at them. The mother, in between wracking sobs, began unbuttoning her pants. SK, impatient, yelled at her again, and her will broke. She threw herself at the body of her husband, refusing to believe that he wasn't simply too drunk to make it to his room; the metallic stench of blood could almost be mistaken for alcohol among his still-remaining fragrance. This delusion afforded her peace, as one bullet went through her chest near her heart, another through her side, near her spleen. Moments later, another went through her brain. 

SK's weapon was pointed away from the daughter, who quickly noticed this and jumped at SK. She used her momentum to pin the rifle against SK's body and bring them both to the floor. 

5.2536 kilometers away, a group of five were dumbfounded to see the leader of the Southeast 43rd Gang playing with a cat. They knew he was very well aware of the territorial lines, and did not want to believe it was him. Indeed, one of them called out - 

"Yo! Where you from, man?"

"Homie, I really think that's KM -"

"No way man, he ain't that stupid-"

"Ion care who it is, they must be smoking crack thinking they can chill on our block like that-"

"I said yo! Where are you from?"

The cat spun around to face the strangers, and KM's gaze followed, showing his face to them. 

*Here they are. You'll be on the other side momentarily. Would you like to hear a joke?*

SK was little more than inconvenienced by being on the floor. He shoved the small girl off of him, then kicked her when she tried to grab his rifle again. She knew, and he knew, that the situation was under his control now. Fortunately, the sound of sirens in the background put SK in a state of fear, though no cop knew what he was doing. He decided to kill the daughter, taking strange notice of the fact that she died like her father; face down on the floor with two bullets in her head. 

And at that same moment, KM's body was peppered with bullets, his face aglow with childlike mirth as he burst out laughing.