It has been centuries since I awoke on this planet my long dead creators left me on for unknown reasons.  Ever since then I have settled in this cave for shelter and protection from the many primitive nations of this world.  They called me: "The Dark Serpent" who was prophesized to meet "The Chosen One" who will stop him from conquering the world.

I suspect they called me "The Dark Serpent" because they have never seen a machine as advanced as I, who was created by beings more advanced than they could even fathom.  I believe they thought I looked like some sort of 'serpent'.  The so called 'heroes' of these lands kept coming to try and fulfill their prophecy.  Some of these heroes even had this phenomenon called 'magic' where they could make the impossible, possible.

Eventually I started getting tired of these heroes and thought about ending their cities.  But then I felt something.  I wanted to do it, but it wasn't right for some reason.  Why would I destroy those who most likely had nothing to do with this?  They were innocent.  I decided that I would not do it because it would be wrong to kill those who are innocent.

The so called 'heroes' kept coming and constantly tried to destroy me but I ended every one of them.  However, I never went after their homes because the civilians would die and that would be shameful.

Eventually, this one Hero appeared.  But she was different: she was young, most likely only thirteen years old.  Suddenly, my emotions went wild at the sight of this.  I couldn't believe they were sending their young after me.

It was disgusting.

I thought that perhaps I could reason with her.  Maybe she might listen to me.

"Why do you seek to destroy me?", I asked.  I hadn't really studied their history much since I was not interested.

"Because you threaten the many realms." she answers, clearly being lied to by those who rule her most likely.

"How do you know that?" I ask, curious to see what lies she had been told.

"Our historians told of when you invaded our realm!  Don't play tricks on me." she answered, clearly this prophecy was some sort of propaganda since what I remembered was simply waking up one day and immediately I was attacked by the natives.

"And what proof have they given you?" I ask, wanting to see if she could get an answer other than 'it's prophecy'.

"Well um, they...." she stammered, clearly struggling on what to say next.

"Do you not know?" I ask, calculating that there is an eighty percent chance of that answer being no.

"No..." she admits.  She did not know how they could be sure that the ancient texts were true.

"Why must they send someone as young as you?" I questioned.

She stayed silent.  By her body language she seemed to be thinking.

"I don't know." she answered, she seemed to feel some type of shame judging by the look of her eyes.

We discussed it for a while.  She started to realize that maybe the nobility are just using the story of "The Dark Serpent" to further their own goals.  We both knew that we needed to stop this, the people must know what the nobility was doing.

We gathered our supplies and left by morning.  The Hero used her map to guide me while I carried her on my back.  We called for the king to show himself and admit that he was lying about the prophecy.  He did indeed show himself and revealed his dark powers.  The Great Liar had revealed himself.

The battle was hard fought but eventually we struck him down.  The Great Liar was no more.  The truth was there for everybody to see, they had all been lied to.  It was a shock to all who saw it.

It has been centuries since those events passed.  That hero died about 321 cycles ago, and I miss her.  I have been watching from afar how the native's society has progressed.  I am satisfied with the results.

However, I am very concerned about the storms in the east.  They seem unnatural.  There is a fifty-one percent chance that those storms are the work of a malevolent entity.

And I must prepare.