“See,” The CEO of BiggerCorp continued, after a beat of shocked silence, “I was like you once. I did the same things you didback in my day, and hell, I was *good* at it, too.”

The CEO shifted in his seat, leaning forward against his lavishly decorated desk. He was a lot more frail in real life, I noticed. the posters and news made him look stronger. Younger. More powerful. Then again, the news also pretended the CEO was a good and generous man.

Now i couldn’t help but wonder if he was once the man the news claimed he was now. Or at least, a human. A person, who maybe once cared for something other than the money rolling in.

His expression shifted, and i realized mine must have, too. “Ah, but you know how it is. I don’t even know how it happened. One minute, I was a hero, the next I was killing people to keep the money rolling in. And by that point, I was in too deep to stop it.”

“That’s bullshit.” I blurted before I could bite my tongue. “You could have stopped all of this at any time. You could have saved this country, but you cared too much about your money.”

I was hoping he would retaliate, or do something that would make this easier, but he just smiled, leaning back in his oversized throne-like chair. His eyes glittered, and he looked far too human for comfort. “You’re right.” He replied wistfully. “My honest days are over. My life is reaching its bitter end. And I never even got to show my kids the stars.”

A beat passed. The grandfather clock chimed, indicating that it was now 3am. It was time, and he undoubtably knew this as well. “You know what I have to do now, right?”

The old man smiled again, showing off his unnaturally healthy teeth for his age. “I wont stop you, hero-“ I stood “-But, though I am in no position to ask a favor, could you do this one thing for me?”

“What is it?” My hand rested on the gun on my hip, ready for him to fight. 

But he didn’t. “Succeed.” He said. “I want to see the stars again.”

I didn’t say anything as I shot him. I didn’t say anything for hours after that, either.