I am known as the darkness of the western peaks, the slayer of barbarian hordes, conqueror of nations, and many more for I have as many names as gruesome acts. And I have an endless list of both. I am the villain of villains, of heroes, of monsters, and of babes. My corruption knows no bounds and my greed conquers all. And what did they send me? A mere child. Standing before me, reeking of fear, stood a young little lad. 

"And what are you supposed to be?" I asked the shivering youngster barely holding up their great sword. 

The rude little runt swung at me, not that it was of any threat. I admit I was more amused than offended but it was still in poor manners. And children have to be taught strictly when it comes to matters of etiquette. 

"What are you, 10? Don't swing at me when I'm talking to you" I told the child as I effortlessly reappeared behind them. 

"I'm 15! And I know what you are trying to do! You're trying to get inside my head!" they shouted, looking very confident. 

"I'm sure there isn't enough place inside that little thing. Or maybe there is, on the count of it being empty and all." I smirked at the idiot. 

They kept swinging at me even though it was painfully obvious to both of us they would never land a single blow. And they kept that up until they tired themselves out and fell to the ground. 

"Okay you villain, you won. You can kill me but I will not let you harm my kingdom!" the puny creature whimpered from the ground. 

"Oh hush now you little boy... ? .." I squited to get a better view, "Girl?.."

"I'm non-binary you old sewer rat!" they yelled. 

"All the yelling and rudeness, no wonder the villagers wanted you dead. Let me guess, they told you you're some sort of chosen one and only you can slay me?" I chuckled. "Not the first time a village has pulled that one - but this is the first I've seen them do it to one of their own"

"What?" they said confused, finally recovering some strength they sat up. 

"Do you have a name non-binary idiot?" I asked 

"Nunia. My friends call me Nunia." they replied

"So Nunia, do you know why I am such a villain?" I asked them wondering if the villagers even told the truth about what I was protecting. 

"I know that.. you're evil. That you prevent anybody from reaching the spirit crystals or harnessing their power. That you hunt down and sacrifice people for it." Nunia said looking away. 

"Spirit Crystals? What sort of nonsense have they fed you really?" I quipped at Nunia, clearly scaring them a bit. 

"They're not crystals, at least not exactly. They have refractive properties like that of a gemstone, naturally pure and geometric in shape - they appear closer to a cut diamond than a natural crystal. They are in reality a condensed pseudo-solid, composed of a type of cosmic energy not easily found in our solar system. It's a deposit that was brought here a long time ago, by forces long forgotten to the human world. Should it be consumed or exposed to the world, it will cause irreparable damage to our forests and lands. It is not meant to be used the way humans usually muck about it with" I patiently told Nunia. 

It took a few weeks but Nunia processed what I had told them. And eventually, they changed their mind about me, at least a little. They even asked me to train them and to teach them about the world. Nunia was frankly the talent of a generation, a true human kindred spirit. As I taught Nunia to become a more formidable warrior and even more importantly a shrewd strategist, I realized that should they ever change their mind about fighting me again - I was in for real trouble. 

"Before you go back, I want you to take this little sample of the Anda-Sakthi - what you call spirit crystals. Don't worry, it's a drained piece - not as potent as most. But still, be careful with it, use it only in times of great desperation. But mostly use it to teach your kind the truth about the toxicity of Anda-Sakthi" I told Nunia as I prepared to say goodbye having taught them as much as I intended to. 

"Thank you old one, I shall spread your knowledge to humans far and wide," Nunia said but I could see hesitation gleaming across their face.

"Go ahead, you can ask me" I tell them.

"May I know your true name? I would like to consider you my master if that isn't insulting to you" Nundia said, barely holding up their eyes towards me. 

"Farewell Nunia, guardian of Anda-Sakthi - granted on my authority" I said as I snapped my fingers sending them back, out past the forest of mazes. 

Poor Nunia, the idiot that they were - the humans stood no chance. The best part? I think they really bought all the b.s. about the toxicity and will probably spend the rest of their stupid little life spreading my word. The only chance humanity had to kill me and possess the cleanest &amp; strongest source of energy in this quadrant of the galaxy! And it happened to be poor little Nunia, the prophet of lies, the chosen idiot, and the jester of the court of darkness.