"So we are agreed?"

"Agreed." I make sure to keep my face stoic. "Cut me down now." Ellie's eyes narrow and the flawless alabaster of her face constricts ever so slightly. The face of a predator. Even after hours of painstaking negotiations, she's still not completely convinced that she can suffer me to live. I'm wondering the same thing, except I'm wondering it upside down, suspended like a side of beef from our third-shittiest light fixture.

She studies me for another moment, then looks down to regard the still-faintly-smoldering patch of ragged flesh on the back of her right hand. "Relax. I dumped out the entire vial when you grabbed me. That stuff has to be thrice-blessed by a papal legate, and the Order would let you drink me dry before they'd cover international shipping." This seems to be good enough, and with the easy, ethereal grace that should have tipped me off months ago, she reaches up and severs the ropes in a single stroke. I land on the kitchen floor in a heap, with a pronounced lack of ethereal grace. It takes all of my conscious effort not to spring up into a combat stance and grab the makeshift stake still resting on the counter. She follows my eyes to it but doesn't react.

"Should we write this down or something?" Making bargains with hellspawn wasn't a topic that my training covered in-depth, or really at all, beyond 'don't.' She departs from the kitchen without warning, leaving only a world-weary sigh and a billow of red silken bathrobe behind her. I use the opportunity to dust myself off, and to question how I could have been so oblivious for the last six months. It all seemed to be going so well. I was even planning to offer her some of the pasta I was cooking before she barged in and tried to make a thrall of me. But before I can properly reflect on the day's madness, she's back. She slaps a flat piece of -something- on the table. It sounds wet.

"Is that..."

"Yes." Gross.

"Is that really necessary? Can we just use paper?" She shakes her head and a small, conceited laugh escapes from her ruby-red lips. A musical laugh. Satan's own aria.

"To be binding, an agreement with a vampire must be signed in blood." This is the first time she's actually said it out loud. I swallow hard in spite of myself and mentally calculate the distance to the stake. She produces a quill pen made from a single ebony raven feather from nowhere in particular. It looks truly ancient. Without delay, she begins recording the work of the last five hours in a flowing, elegant script, speaking aloud as she writes.

"WHEREAS Comtesse Elvira Dieudonne von Fersen de Polignac and..." she pauses for a moment, "Steve... of the Order of the Vigilant Dawn have reached concordium upon the following terms:

First, neither will do any harm to the other, or interfere in their affairs. All prior covenants agreed between them shall remain in full force and effect." Looks like I'm stuck with emptying the dishwasher, but at least she -probably- won't kill me in my sleep.

"Second, the Comtesse agrees to hold sacred a preserve of five acres, centered upon their shared domicile, and shall not hunt therein." That should hopefully keep the Order from getting wise to this unholy little arrangement.

"Third, in recognition of Steve's obligations to his Order, which are repugnant to the Comtesse but necessary to ensure his continued payment of rent, the Comtesse agrees to disclose the location of one of her kind, twice per annum, to him so that he may visit his so-called justice upon them." This is the big one, the bit that holds it all together. She's giving me free kills. A *lot* of free kills. Putting down two bats a year is Van Helsing-level shit. I can't help but be skeptical.

"You're really willing to sell out your own kind? To me?"

She looks at me coolly, the way a cat looks at fish in a tank. "It's not like we're all friends, far from it actually. I've been alive for 600 years and spent the last 200 of them in this Baal-forsaken city. Time enough to amass quite a list of uppity bitches that think they're entitled to hunt in my territory and take from my cattle. You're saving me the trouble of ending them myself." Fair enough.

Am I really going to go through with this though? Am I actually about to strike a bargain with this literal demon, who drinks the blood of the innocent and never cleans her hair out of the shower drain? Slowly, deliberately, I reach for the stake. I feel the familiar, well-worn wood, interrupted by rough splinters where I broke it off to a needle-sharp point. I take it firmly in my hand.

"There's just one more thing." She lifts her eyes from her horrid flesh-parchment and sees the weapon in my hand. The quill clatters to the floor. She hisses and drops into a feral crouch, ready to do unspeakable violence. "You owe me a new pasta spoon."