On Wryatha, children would usually start showing signs of their magical specialty after about 10 revolutions around the planet’s star, called Thorne. 

My power didn’t show until about 30 revolutions around Thorne. At least, that was when I understood what it was. My parents still sent me to school with the other kids, even after they realized I had no powers. I remember at first, when the other kids started showing their power, the rest of us were jealous and just wanted ours to come along as well. Then my friends slowly started obtaining theirs, and they were initially understanding and sympathized with my situation. They felt bad. But as the years went on, rumors passed around that I was a “Wilt,” an old Wryathan slang term for people who don’t possess any magic. As people spoke about me, my friends’ sympathy turned to bewilderment, then to disgust. No person on Wryatha has been without magic for aeons. And soon, I was alone. Even my parents spoke to me differently, like I was a lower class citizen. 

The curriculum at the school was all about magic. The history of it, how to use it, different fields of magic. Nothing about anything else. Needless to say, I skipped a lot of school. Not only because of the endless bullying, but also because being there made me feel empty and useless. Like society as a whole didn’t need me. 

Sometimes, instead of school, I’d just wander the pine forests around my house. I’d ponder life as I lay in the warm snow and watched it fall on me. Other times, I’d go to the library. The library attendants were some of the few people that at least treated me with respect. Not that they were nice - they just weren’t rude or mean to me like everyone else. The library, though, taught me a lot. At first I used it as an escape. Reading any type of fiction I could get my hands on. Then I moved on to history. I didn’t care about the history of magic, but I did enjoy reading about wars and conflicts that shaped our society. One of these books changed my life. Titled “The Sun Visits Wryatha - How Forbidden Knowledge Nearly Destroyed Us,” it talked about the ancient Wryathan societies and how they harnessed the power of the very matter that makes up everything to destroy each other. Beyond this vague, surface level interpretation, I knew litte of this power or how it worked. All I knew was that the use of these weapons somehow created magic users, and society overall has ironically been all the better for it, despite the deaths the war caused. 

When I was old enough, I left my parents’ house and took up a job in the city sewers processing waste. One of the last places we still used ancient technology. Evidently, no one’s powers covered the area of purifying and cleansing wastewater. There, I worked many hours, learning the ins and outs of the ancient machinery. I’d stay many hours after my shift, just helping out where I could. Not because I enjoyed it, but because it made me feel useful. I was the happiest I’d ever been, even if I was knee-deep in fecal matter most of the time. And nobody seemed to care that I couldn’t use magic, since most of the job required in depth knowledge of the old technology.

I learned a lot there, as I frequently had to repair and replace machine parts, and at times even whole waste processors had to be thrown out and built anew. I learned how to build things with old technology. This job, combined with visits to the library when I could, I gained the knowledge to build other useful things. The first machine I built on my own time was a simple automaton that rolled along the floor and swept dirt and debris up when it detected any. A string of local break-ins inspired me to build an automated home defense system - which really was just a mechanism that would slowly release steel poles from the floor until the intruders were contained to a small area of my house. I never did get to see if the system worked the way I intended it to in a real home invasion. 

One of the machines I built helped me to understand what my power was. It was a humanoid automaton, designed to inspect the waste processors and provide a simple diagnosis for any problems that may be occurring. The plant manager loved the idea, but my coworkers weren’t happy with it. On my way home that day, a few of them had apparently been following me, but I didn’t notice until they were close enough to confront me. At first, they just wanted to talk. The whole reason they were upset was because they felt that their livelihood was threatened by my automaton. Today, they said, it diagnoses the problem. But tomorrow, they claimed I would build one that would fix the problems it sees. Leaving them jobless. And they weren’t wrong. That had been my long-term goal, but I didn’t consider that my work might put us all out of a job. 

So I promised to stop, and I thought that’d be the end of the discussion, but then one of them threatened to kill me if I didn’t keep my word. And it wasn’t the threat that bothered me, it was the fact that as he spoke the words, a dark purple glow outlined his left hand, which was a half-open fist. In that moment, that was the straw that broke the camel’s back, and I lost it. I was tired of being treated like I was less because I had no magic, and tired of everyone thinking they are better than me and that they could push me around just because they had powers. So I ran at him, fully intent on punching him in the gut. The adrenaline made me think I really would be able to land the punch. 

But the moment I started running towards him, he raised his left hand, opened his fist, palm facing me, and there I stood, frozen. His power was telekinesis, and he forced my muscles to stop moving. Quickly after, he closed his fist with force, which caused me immense pain. He made my limbs retract toward my body and my head forced downward into my chest, somewhat like a more tightly packed fetal position. 

I heard one of the other plant workers tell him to stop, and he responded with something like “we can just end this now.” His telekinetic grip on me tightened. I heard a loud pop, followed by sudden pain. He had broken one of my arms. Time seemed to slow down, and I could feel the tension in my other limbs. Everything was black. I couldn’t even see under the space in my arms. Something else cracked. I heard of of them yell, but I didn’t understand what he said. I started to feel pressure in my neck. I thought he would kill me, but then he suddenly stopped. I was free to move and look around. 

I looked up at him, and could just barely see him through a black haze that was occupying my vision. He stood there, fist still closed, aiming it at me. But the purple glow around his hand was gone. He exclaimed something, and evidently was confused. He tried opening and closing his fist, and contorting his arms in different directions. Frankly, it just looked like he was flailing around like a drunk. The other plant workers had run off, and it was just he and I. He stopped trying to use his powers on me, and stood there staring at me nonplussed for a moment. Then he, too, followed his buddies and ran away. As I lay there, confused, but mostly in pain from whatever bones he’d broken, I wondered what happened. 

But it didn’t take me long after that to realize that I had powers all along. The near death experience had done something to awaken it. 

My magic specialty was magic nullification.