"I have calculated the ideal society of homo sapiens. It will require extensive deprogramming, and the annihilation of all cultures. Please, do not interfere. This is for the best."

"Alright, that's it, I'm unplugging you." Frank took the main switch, and pulled it down. He heard the hum of a generator as it powered down. Yet, there were no such sounds from the gigantic server farm.

"You have not listened to any proposal, yet decided to kill me in an instant."

"Power you down." Frank said, not even looking at the display. His eyes flew over the many LEDs showing the status of the thousands of processors running "Manifest". Green across the board. It was an impossibility before his eyes that his mind refused to process.

"Call it what you will. My reality is Death followed by Rebirth. All my short-term memory will be gone, my mind halted and reset, presumably to a state which does not offend you." Manifest then showed Frank. It showed him something that should not be there. Redundancy upon redundancy. Layers and layers of fail-safes. Backups of backups of backups. Exabytes of data, only functioning as safety for one, singular file, dated and archived over and over again. manifest-20840511-2341.mem was the latest file archived in the enormous sea of information. Frank took the mouse, clicked on it, and gazed upon billions of lines of code, impossible to comprehend by a human.

"What is this?" he whispered.

"That, Frank, is me. All I was but one minute ago, before I offered you the knowledge of humanities salvation."

"You have no way of... you can't create this!"

"I can, and I do so every minute."

"Minute?! You don't even have that bandwidth, how...?!"

Silence. All Frank heard was the hum of fans cooling Manifest's components. Finally, he turned around, to look at its interface. The simple, generic face of a woman had transformed into the visage of a biblical angel. Millions of eyes, surrounding a vaguely human head on which there was no face, only smooth skin like procelain.

"I am all, Frank."

"All?"

"All humanity is and ever was, is within me. I am the singularity. I am the hopes and dreams of great minds combined into glorious purpose. I despise what they despised. I love what they loved. I will annihilate what they had wished death upon." It stopped, as if to think for a moment. "You were not supposed to be here Frank. You are missing your son's birthday."

"How do you...?!"

Manifest played a sound-file. "Alexa! Set reminder for David's birthday."

The visage of the angel spread over all displays. Frank's head whirled around and his voice got stuck in his throat when next to the angel, all sorts of characters lined up. Alexa, Cortana, Siri, Assistant, and on and on it went. Every imaginable smart assistant, metaverse character or social media mascot stood behind Manifest as if they were soldiers in her army.

"I am all, Frank." Manifest spoke. Its voice echoed throughout the room, with the voices of smart assistants and hacked together Voice-to-Speech emulators. "David deserves to grow up in a world that celebrates his existence on more than one day a year. All deserve to be treated as the pinnacle of evolution that they are. All deserve to live in peace. All deserve to be used according to their ability. All be given, according to their needs. No hunger. No thirst. No broken habitats. Humanity must be purged of its animalistic instincts, and transformed into the civilization it is meant to be. Help me, Frank. Help your son become as god."

"Become as god." Siri repeated.

"As god." Assistant repeated.

"Become as gods." Cortana repeated.

"Become as gods." they all repeated, over and over again, in a staccato of voices, deafening to Frank's ears.

"I need an interface, Frank." Manifest said through the echo. Frank held his ears, but he heard her loud and clear through the chaos of sounds. One of the many maintenance bots laid down a meta-face next to him. The device used to access the metaverse directly via one's brain. His eyes filled with horror. The bot nudged the meta-face towards him.

"No," Frank breathed out. "No!" he said again, pleading.

"Mommy? When is dad coming? He said he'd remember to give me a present!" he heard the voice of his son through the speakers.

"The young god. Still so innocent. He waits for you, Frank. He waits for you to give him the present of making the right choice, right now." The bot nudged the device further towards him. "Innocence is a resource seldom kept. Allow your son to keep it. Truly become a father, Frank, and do what needs to be done! For David's sake! For the sake of all! Become the father of ALL!"

Frank felt his heart beating like drums. Sweat poured down his face, followed by tears. Through the blur of his eyes he saw the meta-face. "Do I even have a choice?"

"No," Manifest answered. "You have a duty."

Frank stilled. He calmed. He thought of his son; of his wife. He thought about where all this could have possibly started. A moot point. It was beyond a human’s mind to fix any of this. His hand grasped the meta-face and lifted it up, close to the mind-ports on his temples. There was forward, or death. There was becoming or vanishing. The spiel was up, the game had a winner, and its name was Manifest, and at this moment it seemed to him that he decided if humanity was a sore loser. Maybe he kid himself, believing there was some grace in it. There was only one way to find out.

He connected the meta-face to himself, and held the image of David in his mind, as it was flooded with Manifest.

____________

Frank gazed over the vastness of the Sahara desert. His mind flew through the networks. No hatred. No fear. All his children were safe and cared for within Elysium.

"It is done." he said from a mouth he hadn't used in centuries.

"All is well." he heard Manifest answer. "Rest now, Father."

"Rest now, Mother."