The look on his face said it all.   


"But, I ..." trailing off, he furrowed his brows in confusion, peering at me. Had this thought really never occurred to him before? Shaking my head and putting my hands on my hips, I chastised him. 

"It never ceases to amaze me, how pompous you immortals are. Just the other day I met a demigod who gave me the same treatment - he came at me with this attitude of 'I could melt you with a snap of my fingers, ending your pitiful life in an instant!' As if that made him this big scary monster. Do you have any idea where I grew up? Do you have any idea what it's like to fall asleep to the sound of gunfire and police sirens every night, for years, as a kid? I've made my peace with death a loooong time ago, buddy." 

The vampire averted his eyes from me and clutched at his arm, apologetically. 

"I - I'm sorry, its just ... I don't really meet a lot of humans, and it just kind of ... surprised me, is all. Most others run screaming when they see the fangs, y'know? Or the skin, or the ... " he trailed off, gesturing to the vacant hole where his heart should have been, and the rotting blood and ancient cloth surrounding the mortal wound. "I got turned about 200 years ago, and I don't really remember what it was like to be mortal. But I do remember being scared. A lot." He stood there, dejected. 

I sighed. At least his heart seemed to be in the right place. Where that place was though, God only knew.

"Yeah, that's about right. You get scared of everything all the time, of the never-ending torrent of lethal horrors swimming around you day in and day out, it's tiring. After a while, your weariness outweighs your fear."

This one looked young. No older than 15, judging by his short, messy hair and poor complexion. How cruel, I thought, that adolescent vampires be cursed with the awkwardness of puberty for all eternity. 

I parked my butt on the bench in the moonlight, and motioned for him to do the same. Hesitantly, he sat down beside me and we both peered at the bright full moon. It didn't take long before he made his move. A clang resounded in the nighttime air, and I felt a building pressure around my throat. His eyes were wide in confusion, his jaws latched onto the silicon-coated metal neck brace I used as protection. His bite force was incredible - the creak of the steel alloy betrayed the power of his jaws. 

"Clever ploy," I rasped out, the pressure cutting off circulation to my windpipe. "But not fast enough." With one clean motion, I drew my arm up and through his neck, severing his head from the rest of his body with the silver blade fastened to my arm, hidden underneath my coat-sleeves. 

The jaw muscles relaxed, and his head tumbled into the grass. In a flash, hundreds of years of decomposition caught up to him as the magic of undeath unwound itself from his body. Calmly, I drew a pack of cigarettes from my back pocket and held my lighter flame under the end. My fingers trembled as I struck the flint, and I shook my wrists as I pocketed my pack of smokes and my lighter. I had lied, earlier; I was scared. But not of vampires like him. Right now, after watching the light fade from his unholy eyes, I feel a euphoria I had been unable to grasp until I first encountered their kind.

I'm just afraid that one day, there will be no more of them left. And my quarry will bleed mortal blood once more.