"I want to see the stars again." Those words from a man stuck on life support, unmoving from a robotic body with the matching robotic voice. This is a large room with multiple doors. There are clashing and fighting in the background.  
  
The expression of Tabitha turned to anger, she pointed her blue sword at him. “WHY? Should I trust you?”  
  
“I am just tired of it all, I’ve been stuck here for years. A world with clear blue skies.”  
  
“There was never a clear blue sky for me! You and your bunch stole it! Why should I trust you?”  
  
“I am sorry…. Please… trust me..” The man croaked.   
  
“I don’t want your pleads for forgiveness.” Tabitha approaches him a callous matter, an expression of hurt is across her face.  “You made my life and my companions’ lives hell. You caused the death of my parents through overwork, my sister she’s gone too she… Supported me as a superhero”  
  
The old man closed his eyes.  A gunshot rang off, Tabitha was able to deflect the bullet. A figure wearing a reflective mask, with red and black approaches Tabitha.   
  
“Agent…” The old man croaked.   
  
“I tire of these games you play, sir. I’ve seen you twine and twirl in your mind of guilt. It’s frankly disgusting.”  
  
“Why did you stop me?” Tabitha raises her blue sword at the figure, she can see the reflection in the mask.   
  
“You… are loyal…” The CEO in the life machine croaked  
  
“Well… Tabitha, you are the hero.” The figure gives a thinking pose. “Tell me Tabitha, what kind of world are you going to build with your friends?”  
  
“Once they are gone, we will return to the world it once was. Do you dare stand against me?”  
  
“A new world always has to be built on violence.” The figure pulled out a red sword. “You are fighting for a not-so-glorious past.”  
  
“So? Everything I’ve done up to now, justifies in creating a world that is like the past.”  
  
“I am sorry…” The figure muttered and pulls out a red sword and started charging at Tabitha. Tabitha was quickly able to sidestep and block the attacks.  
  
“Why do you defend him?” Tabitha look the mask reflecting her face in confusion. The masked figure headbutts Tabitha with the mask cracking it.   
  
“I don’t, what he has done is indefensible.” The figure looked towards Tabitha, she is shaking her head from the headbutt. “If I win I am turning off his life support permanently.”  
  
Tabitha takes a breath and sheath’s her sword. “I’ve seen you stand beside this CEO’s side loyally like a servant, cut down anyone that stands against him. Why the change of heart now?”  
  
“Because…” The masked figure took off the mask and yeeted the mask far away.  
  
“S-Stella? You are still alive?” Tabitha chocked on her words.  
  
“Well… it’s a robotic revival, but the amount time I spent dead, causes me to lose some memories.” Stella looked at the sword she was holding.   
  
“Why didn’t you tell me you where alive?”  
  
“It was complicated, I had to pretend to be a good little robot soldier.” Stella looked at the CEO with the annoyed expression. “So I had to play pretend, and dismantle it from the inside.”  
  
Tabitha smiled and started to cry. “I am happy that you are alive.”  
  
“You grew up well… and taller!” Stella smiled looking towards the dark sky. “Please build a kinder world.”  
  
 Stella started to walk away from Tabitha, flicking the life support machine off for the CEO.  
  
“Where are you going?” Tabitha looked at Stella.  
  
Stella gave a dramatic hero pose; Tabitha looked at the pose remembering the same one they had as kids, smiling. “I have more work to do… So do you… But I promise you, that once my work is done. I’ll see you again.”  
  
“But…” Tabitha bit her lip and continued to cry. “I don’t want you to go, again.”  
  
“Ugh.. please don’t cry… Let’s make a promise, once the skies turn blue. I’ll find you.”  
  
“Deal, I’ll show you that I and my companions can create a kinder world!” Tabitha gave an intense yell.  
  
“Same old Tabitha…, See ya.”  Stella chuckle and went to take her leave.