Casey knew he had lost the war when he woke up on the ceiling.

He had expected this. He had known it was coming, ever since he had found the the Professor of Particle Physics' lab notes, one fateful afternoon when he'd borrowed the bubble chamber for an experiment. He'd been waiting for the day to come. Still, Casey felt like throwing up. 

It couldn't be possible. 

And yet, a perfectly spherical cow mooed outside his window, whilst a distant boom rattled the bedroom windowpanes. Casey looked out. A passing pigeon had casually broken the sound barrier.

Those damn physicists had removed air resistance.

Unable to slide out of bed, Casey reached for a pencil and paper, which had floated up to the ceiling beside him. He said a quick prayer to God (he hoped the physicists had not removed Him too), and wrote

F = G\*m1\*m2 / r\^2

CRASH.

Casey blinked amid a tangle of bedsheets. He was on the floor. So was the bed. But where the bed had been was now a perfect circle of wooden detritus, the bed having smashed into the floor and splintered in every direction at a perfect acceleration of -9.81 meters per second per second.

Those goddamn physicists.

The phone rang. Casey picked it up, yanking his clothes on and writing down classical mechanics equations as he went (he neglected to make coffee--he figured there were more important things to worry about now than thermodynamics). He stuck the phone between his shoulder and ear.

"Professor Casey," drawled an oily voice on the other end. "I trust you've had a pleasant morning?"

"You sonofabitch, Rawlings. What have you done to my department?"

"Oh, Chemistry, you mean?" Asked Daniel Rawlings, Emeritus Professor of Particle Physics.  "Nothing much." 

"WHAT DID YOU DO?" Casey bellowed.

A small sigh on the other end. "Dear me. So upset. They've just had a little meet-and-greet with... an antimatter experiment of mine, shall we call it. I've very much enjoyed it."

Casey said nothing for a moment, just stood there, holding the line. Tears built up in a watery orb against the bridge of his nose, refusing to fall. He grabbed a stray sheet of paper floating past, stabbed his pencil into the page: F = G\*m1\*m2/ r\^2. The tears fell, steady as the drumbeat of rain. 

Rawlings chuckled. "Sad, are you?"

"I'm gonna kill you, I swear to God I will."

"But what for, Professor? Don't you see? Now that we have the Theory of Everything, the world is so much simpler." As he spoke Casey was heading to his car, scribbling equations as he ran. The electric circuits in his car key were no longer working. V = IR, he scribbled. P = IV. The car door swung open. "We control the mechanics of the Universe, Professor. Every lepton, every boson, every one of the 12 particles of nature and the 4 forces of matter, everything from your beloved molecules down to a single quark, we control it all. The universe is ours for the taking."

Casey was writing equations almost without thinking now, his entire being bent upon the destruction of that voice on the other end of the line. s = ut + 1/2 a\*t\^2.  Casey opened the car door, slammed it closed. Inside the perfectly spherical car, he floated weightless in the centre, somewhere above the steering wheel. Damn Isaac Newton. F=(4/3)\*π\*G\*m\*ρ\*d. Started the car. Ff ≤ µsR. Ff = µdR. The car began to move. 

"The Universe should not be simple," Casey panted, as the neighbour's cat underwent quantum superposition, a flickering dead copy of itself lying at its feet. He scribbled the equation for Heisenberg's Uncertainty Principle. Δp\*Δx ≥ h / 4π. Fido yowled and shot off into the shrubbery, probably to thank the cat gods that Pauli's Exclusion Principle had not been violated. "The Universe is beautiful, it's complex, it's--it's--"

"It is not suited to our purposes," Rawlings intoned. "Dirac once said: It is more important to have beauty in the equations of physics than to have them agree with experiments. Soon, Casey, you too will learn, like your chemistry department before you."

"I'm coming to get you, jagoff. I will melt your ugly face in a vat of HF."

"Well," said Rawlings. "You know where to find me."

"YOU SONOFABITCH," Casey roared to the air, as the monotone of the hung up phone sounded in his ear. He hurled it out the window, where it travelled a perfect hypotenuse along its force vector, at exactly -9.81 meters per second per second. 

Casey breathed deep. He clutched his pencil and paper. 

He was going to get the Universe back.