“The followers of the Raging Rhino will now finally see..hey wait..” said the Ancient One. 

“What’s the matter, Ancient One? Surely you’ve seen something like this in your 1000 years of summoning experience that you said wasn’t fake?” asked Jerry.

“Right, yeah this was totally part of the..”

“It looks like a rabbit to me,” said Teresa.

“It’s, it’s…” said the ancient one.

The supposedly Ancient One looked down at the sacrificial circle. Instead of the great Rhino that was supposed to bring about the destruction of the world, a small twitching rabbit lay there. 

Now, the Ancient One wasn’t actually all that ancient and was a con artist before he was a magician. He’d faked it this whole way, so he was going to do it again.

“This isn’t just a rabbit. This is a rabbit that’ll turn our organization legitimate,” said the Ancient One.

“What’s it going to do to end the world besides tear up the vegetables in other people’s lawns?” asked Teresa.

“You don’t understand, followers of the Raging Rhino. A rabbit can be just as deadly as a rhino. Why, they can jump on you and start biting you like in that one movie.”

“Hey, Ancient One. It looks like that rabbit is about to get sick,” said Jerry.

The Ancient One set the rabbit down. He almost lost his composure. The weight of all of his lies was becoming too much. He would have to throw his smoke bomb down soon and start a new destruction cult somewhere else. 

However, just before he did, he saw something shiny coming out of the rabbit’s mouth. The rabbit belched and out popped what was unmistakably a large perfectly cut Diamond. The Ancient One’s eyes widened.

“Ok, so the doomsday cult was a lie, but who cares we’re all about to become millionaires! Anyone in favor of ditching all of our principles of greed destroying the world and being the greed instead say I,” said the Ancient One.

“I!” replied everyone.

“Well it’s settled. We can finally buy that Hawaii place for when the volcanoes erupt!” shouted the Ancient One.

The followers of the Raging Rhinoceros all cheered and took off their robes. The only robes they would be wearing from now one would be custom tailored and for after baths.