Magic, if left unchecked, damages both the surroundings, and the user. It breeds pride and arrogance, and contempt for those without it. This is the story of how the pride of the sorcerers became the tool for my revenge. 

Another day, another fight for survival in the streets. Not having magic meant getting creative, or die. 

I already knew how to fashion simple knives from sharpened rocks and sicks, wrapped in plant fiber to hold it together. 

Turns out, I wasn't as unique as I had thought. There were others, who lacked the ability to cast certain types of magic. We lived in a small settlement in the suburbs, on the outskirts of town. A small collection of huts, right next to a sprawling metropolis. 

Science, magic, those were the same to the people in the city. To us, though, there was a difference. We could use science. And without magic to make things easier, we had to get creative. 

It was always the same. I get onto the early morning train into the city center, before the controllers start their shift, and the cart is empty. 

As I got off, I saw the news. Some prodigy a few blocks over was having a magical meltdown. Third time this month. The people were too proud to admit they had a problem. Not my problem, though. 

Unless I make it my problem. 

On my way there, I already formulated a plan. Magic is susceptible to disruption, especially through sudden, physical stimuli. I've learned that much from watching previous incidents. 

When I reached the ruins of the building, I already saw the magical flames be poorly contained by the firefighters. I made my way towards the building, and of course they didn't care about some beggar wearing old clothes. 

I walked through blazes, lightnings, cursed barriers, until I reached the boy, in his barrier of rampant magic, tears streaming down his face as the energy threatened to break his body apart. 

So, I slapped him. 

Maybe a bit too hard, judging by the tooth flying away as he was sent to the ground. 

However, the magic died immediately, and the people were speechless. 

"So, are you not going to praise your savior?" I asked, knowing their pride would forbid them from ignoring my heroic deed. 

The exact heroism of knocking a 9 year old unconscious may be debatable, but this is not the time. 

The people eventually began cheering and celebrating me. Step one complete. Next, came gratitude. Their honor demanded they repay me for my actions. This meltdown was the worst they had, so the potential damages were incalculable, making my reward equally so. I knew that whatever I ask, would be given to me. 

"You need not fret," I said, "I desire no payment for my actions." The people were speechless once again. Confusion turned into concern, as they realized they would eternally be indebted to a common beggar. 

Just as planned. 

Days went by, and people became increasingly desperate to repay their debt to me, especially the boy's family, as their social standing suffered greatly by the minute. 

Eventually, their suffering stopped amusing me. 

"Very well," I said, speaking to the entire town, "To repay the debt to me, I ask that the laws to regulate magic be changed. From now on, anyone creating something through magic for commercial purposes must first display the skill to make it without magic." 

Obviously, the people were confused. Of course they were. They never had to make so much as a sandwich without magic. 

Good thing there was a community full of people able, and sometimes even willing, to teach them. 

As their unfounded pride fell, and was replaced with a healthy sense of accomplishment, so did their magic become more stable, and within a few short years, magical meltdowns became a rare occurrence. 

Magic, if left unchecked, damages both the surroundings, and the user. It breeds pride and arrogance, and contempt for those without it. This is the story of how the pride of the sorcerers became the tool for my revenge. 

For the sweetest revenge, is the kind where one maintains the moral high ground, and lifts up those who wronged them.