Zeraphane always wondered if he’d get it right.  
  
The perfect goodbye. A composition of expression which delivers all the thoughts which he had not the courage or depth to say. Could he craft such deep feelings into words? He had rehearsed them in his head many times before. He expected to die in the line of duty, his job was perilous, and he had seen many a companion die in his presence. But he never composed them out of fear of dying, but out of fear of leaving words he wished to say unsaid.  
  
While his comrades hid behind the veil of fear with brash bravado, living as eager daredevils who took life by the horns and wrangled with it in a futile but admirable attempt at glory, he was consumed by that fear. Zeraphane knew it was nigh impossible to say anything that would allow his beloved to reach such a state of being that she would not mourn for his death, but he could ease her into the reality of his situation as best as he could.  
  
He had spent hours now thinking of what he was to say to her. Nothing he had prepared so far was sufficient. He let fear overtake him each time, not saying as much as he wished. It was foolish to hold back, he was to die, after all. Yet, a foolish hope said that he would have another chance. Facing one of the divine meant certain death, and yet the truth of that inveitability would not reach him. In order to say what he needed to say to his beloved, he needed to do as his comrades did, to let go of fear completely, and reach acceptance.  
  
Zeraphane sat in contemplation, trying to reach that state of mind to little avail.  
  
\_\_\_\_  
  
Five years ago  
  
“Don’t flinch.”  
  
“You can’t just say that, this is my life we’re talking about!” Zeraphane exclaimed.  
  
Godrick shook his head, “flinching won’t save you. You are driven by fear, but saving your own skin won’t make the problem go away. I’ll attack more and more, and each time you try to flee you’ll grow weaker. Eventually, I will finish off. If you flinch you are a doomed man.”  
  
Zeraphane sighed, “then I’m doomed either way.”  
  
Godrick grinned, “if you’re doomed either way, then why not fight instead of fleeing?”  
  
\_\_\_\_  
  
It seemed like yesterday when Zeraphane had heard those words from his mentor. It was useless to flinch now, so might as well face it head-on. To let the deepest wells of his soul pour out in a torrent as he gave his final goodbye to his beloved. He was ready.