There's a pregnant, awkward pause. It hangs in the air, and with every second that goes by I can almost feel the moment stretch on. I know it's only been a second. Now two. Now three. But nonetheless it's painful. Agonizing.

"...Excuse me?"

"You know precisely what I said," the king mutters. His eye turns towards me. The room is empty, he made sure of that before telling me exactly what he thought. There's nobody else in the room at this hour, a couple of windows out to the dead night air and a watchtower that surveys the entire palace.

It feels like it's judging me almost as much as the king is.

"I'll give you another chance. Another go at ending my life. It'll be funny. A good laugh at the banquet. An incredible bit. Funnier than any jester."

I'm flustered. I open my mouth like a fish that's been freshly yanked out of the water. "I-it-I-I-who's saying I was trying to poison you?"

"Aside from the distinct taste of metal, the pose as you handed me the glass of wine, the slight smirk and hurried glance as I put that glass to my lips. Even if it wasn't for that dreadful show you would know that the royal family knows of Mithridatism. Tell me, were you put up to this, or was this a classic revolt?"

"I-I..." I take a step back. My hands are getting sweaty. I can feel bile rising in the back of my throat. The king *knows.* Because of course he does. He is a *politician.* And a deeply successful one at that. And I am an *amateur.*

And as an amateur, I am a *massive coward.*

"I-it was money. Yes. One of your rivals."

"Was it Geoffrey? That bastard always had it out for me."

"Geoffrey was actually against the plan. It was Rubia."

"Rubia? My sister?" He smirks. "Ooooh so that would explain why she was buttering me up. Trying to make sure the blame wasn't on her when I croaked. But she *would* know about the practice. So why feed me the poison?"

"Why..." I pause. "Wait. Wait wait. If she knew that the poison wasn't going to be effective..."

"Then what. Did you suspect something else?"

"Do you have a..." I start to shake. I swallow as pieces slide together in my brain. "Is there...is there a vantage point from elsewhere in the palace?"

There's another long, painful pause. The king stares at me, then at the watchtower. Realization shoots through his mind.

Followed swiftly by a bullet.

The glass shatters, the left side of his head is punctured, and the right side of his skull explodes. His blue uniform is painted red, his body falls like a limp doll with a dull, ugly *thud* on lush, impossibly expensive carpet.

I can already hear dashing down the hall; that gunshot was *loud,* and on a night as quiet as this, *everyone* will have heard it. I glance out the window. The assailant is nowhere to be seen. I'm already hyperventilating.

I didn't kill him. I didn't fire the gun, but I *will* be tried as an accomplice. He was a beloved king. And someone needs to hanged in the morning.

Such as the idiot who tried poisoning the king's drink.

"Oh *fuck."*