Of course, I had heard of the Horsemen. Who hadn’t? But I had never expected her- “The Red Horseman”- to be a _Lady,_ with that capital “L”.

And she _was._ She was well trained in everything from History to Etiquette, and, of course, War. She surprised me one day with videos of her _blacksmithing._ When I mentioned my knives were going dull, she sent me whetstones, polishing oils, and etching equipment, as well as walking me through the processes and giving me warnings about how various chemicals could be used- or misused- in deadlier compounds. When she introduced me to her horse, Ruin, I found he was actually rather docile. She seemed impressed that he had taken a liking to me.

She was beautiful, graceful, and classy or down-home as you could like. Irish red hair, piercing crimson eyes, skin as pale and smooth as silk, dotted and lined with tiny quicksilver scars. And a witchy, delicate tattoo of rose thorns danced across the nape of her neck.

But I was never sure about her- not when I introduced her to my martial arts classes and teachers, not when I introduced her to my Parents, not when she taught me things I never would have found- or cared to learn- on my own.

It wasn’t until February of this year that things changed. Of course, by this point I was dedicated. I told myself that I had poured too much of myself into her- too much time, effort, and not a small amount of energy and strength. I had grown in strength, skill, and confidence. But she was different, too. She was softer, now. Warmer, in a way.

And I hadn’t noticed until Valentine’s.

I met her by the banks of Blacksea Bay that night. The full moon hung low, sending silver scimitars of broken glass slashing across the surface of the water, echoing vainly the diamond dusted sky.

She was in her armor and the uniform of her siblings- simple, elegant, flexible, and most of all, ~~beautiful~~ effective. Normally, she was talkative and energetic, using older language than I was accustomed to, outside of the rare historical reenactment I sometimes did. On that night, she was shy, quiet, informal. Distant, even. It was a cold shock to see someone normally so outlandish and handsy be so… _Small._

“What’s wrong, Charlie?”

An odd name, for a woman, I know. But she decided on it when she noticed the average English or American couldn’t pronounce her _actual_ name- Caoimhe. It’s a name that I’m still trying to get right- something like “kee-va”, I’m told, but there’s a lilt on the last that I can’t quite seem to capture.

She was silent for several minutes.

I sat and waited patiently as I could. She chewed her lip in that way that made my heart drum and set panic running through me. Her brow furrowed, her breathing deepened as though she was trying to calm herself. I had never seen her like this before, or since.

I began to panic. Really, truly panic. Had something happened? Did she not want to see me again? She has joked about marriage several times before, but was that all they were? Jokes?

Of course, it was in that moment that I realized I loved her. Truly, deeply love her.

She seemed “gone”- somewhere else, in her own little world. I led her over to a nearby bench, just a few meters from the water. The lapping waves would calm her, I hoped.

“Do you love me, Micheal?” Her voice rang out like a line of silver bells, only happy to be ringing.

I knew the answer. I had just decided only moments ago. But I thought for a moment, reflecting. I thought of the last two years, countless dates and small, private moments that I would cherish forever.

“Of course I do. But why…?”

“I love you, too.”

She moved, suddenly, turning around and reaching under the heavy coat. With baited breath, I watched.

In the next moment, she conjured a small box. It was unlike anything Man or Mortal-crafted. It was a wood I had never seen, that glittered in the moonlight like an unmarred field of snow.

She opened the box and revealed two large, golden, twisted rings- one that ended with snarling wolves, the other with sleek wise looking crows.

“I realized I loved you a year ago, today. Do you remember?”

I nodded. How could I forget? Instead of going on a date, we had spent the week fighting in a local tournament. Neither of us cared that we lost out in the round robin (I admit with no shame the fault was mine, even if she disagreed for my benefit), only that we had spent the exciting week together. It was on that day, the previous Valentine’s, that we had been awarded silver medals and celebrated with the finest dinner we could afford with the winnings.

“And I want to spend the rest of my life with you”, she finished plainly.

“Can you not?”

“Of course,” she began, “I could spend the rest of _your_ life with you. But not _mine.”_

Realization dawned on me then. She was Immortal; I was not.

She continued, “But we can change that. And that’s why…”

“Why?” I demanded, nearly shouting. I clapped a hand to my mouth, ashamed of breaking that stoicism she had complimented so many times.

“Why I hesitated and waited for so long before coming to you.”

And she explained her plan. We could “Oath” to each other. It was a magical binding, more serious than a wedding or any legal document. An Oathing would bing us to each other, through eternity. And, because she was Immortal, the Oathing would grant Immortality to me.

I had one question. One burning question I had kept buried for two years.

“But, Caoimhe, why _me?”_

We sat in silence for a long while, holding each other in the waning night and early spring cold.

“Why _not_ you?”