Kora tensed as she walked along the path. Her footsteps made noise and the pine forest was becoming increasingly dense. It was misty, and thousands of the forest's creatures had watched her approach.   
  
The pond lay within a cave on this mountain, she was certain. It was always necessary to wander the paths back and forth until the guards had finished their assessment. It had taken her 4 days this time, her supplies were dwindling and her body ached with tiredness, but she didn't complain or lose hope.   
  
"Halt, mortal."   
  
A figure approached her, marching robotically and then stopping about 3 metres away from her. Although the guard was still somewhat obscured by the forest, Kora could see that it was almost identical to her, but with its left arm missing and burn marks all along its left side body.  
  
"You come here, even though you are already exiled from this place."  
  
It stood, unsure how to interact with her. Kora had hallucinated before, and had communicated with this spirit to request safe passage. All it could do was attempt to scare her away.   
  
"How can I be already exiled? I'm still alive."  
  
It stared for a moment. The spirits trapped here desperately longed to become mortal, to interact in the mortal realms. It could only learn to become human by interacting with them. Kora knew it could never truly outsmart her.   
  
"Did you bring a gift?" It asked.  
  
"Of course." Kora slowly placed her rucksack on the ground and opened it, glancing around her every so often. The danger was never in the guard itself, the guard was the distraction. If a guard is this close to her and speaking, there must be a wolf or a hunter close by.   
  
She opened her book of documents. "Can you read?" She asked it.  
  
"Of course!" It yelled, offended. "I'm you! You are already dead!"  
  
"I can't be if we exist in separate bodies. Read this." She placed a small number of pages on the ground in front of the guard. As soon as she stepped back, the guard lunged to grab them and stared at them intently. As it tried to read them, Kora looked around her once more. She saw where the path dipped against the cliff of the mountain, the pond must be near to them.   
  
“Those are the instructions for the furnace,” Kora spoke in a low voice. “It can be repaired so that it never exploded. You would have at least 18 bodies to choose from.”  
  
The guard stared at the pages. From its expression, Kora could tell that its eyesight was too poor to read. If she wasn’t careful, it could get angry and scream, attracting the attention of all sorts of creatures. She edged her way along the path, trying to bypass the guard as it was distracted.   
  
Thankfully its hearing was also very poor, Kora managed to climb through the foliage until she got to the downturning path. She glanced back and saw the guard still staring fixedly on the documents. It could be distracted for hours, but eventually it would come looking for her. She quickened her pace along the path. The trees grew taller and the light became more obscured. She felt along the cliff face, willing herself to locate the mouth of the cave. Where were the hunters? She felt eyes on her but no other guards approached her.  
  
At last she heard the sound of falling water. Definitely the stream was near to her now. She tiptoed carefully along the narrow path, the stream growing louder and louder. It was too dark to see far, but she felt the water seep into her boots. Her stomach tensed, she could trip and stumble straight in and instantly all her memories would be erased. Mortals rush too fast, they lose corporal existence. The water had to be bathed in slowly.   
  
She stood still and allowed her breathing to settle. Her eyes acclimatised to the dark, the smell of the pine trees became sharper. She inhaled deeply and looked up at the stars.