Lishialla sighed as she looked at the strip of a girl standing in front of her. She couldn't be older than perhaps fourteen, a pasty human girl only barely beginning her trip to adulthood. And yet here she was, in ill-fitted armor, with a sword that seemed far too heavy for her hand. Despite she and her sister both having rebirthed to younger forms not six months ago, at this moment, looking at the blonde teenager, Lishi felt quite old, even for an elf.

"Who sent you, girl?" She leaned heavily to one side of her throne, elbow set in the padded armrest, her head resting on her hand wearily. At first, these would-be 'heroes' made her upset. Didn't they *know* what she was doing for them? How she'd made the world a better, safer, cleaner place to live?

But right now, all she felt was weariness. Weariness and more than a touch of pity. The aura around this girl told Lishi everything she needed to know.

"Destiny sent me!" The girl raised her sword, ignorant to the sounds of the guards around her readying pikes and swords of their own, tightening a circle around her. No, the girl was fixated on the Witch Queen. Even Lishaela seemed an afterthought, the Queen's twin standing between them with short swords in hand and death in her eyes. "I'm chosen by fate to destroy you!"

"Chosen by fate," Lishi repeated quietly. "Well, clearly you got your equipment from *someone*. The sword, the armor, whence did they come from?" She reached out with her foot, and nudged her sister's heel with a toe; when Lisha looked back, Lishi's hands moved quickly, signing to her in their private language. *Step aside. Stand ready.*

Lisha stepped out of the path of the girl, who, rather than charging forward in her window of opportunity, took a step *back*, fear overcoming her senses for an instant. All the confirmation Lishi needed, really.

"They belonged to my parents!" The girl's eyes were wide and full of emotion. She pointed the end of her sword at the Witch Queen, and said loudly, "Parents *you* killed! Because they dared to stand up against you!"

Lishi looked at the wavering tip of the sword and kept her expression level. Laughing at the girl would accomplish nothing but securing her convictions here, perhaps even to the point of doing something truly foolish. She had no desire to kill a teenager, even out of necessity.

"What is your name, girl?" Lishi shifted in her throne, sitting forward now, her elbows on her knees, fingers laced together under her chin. She smirked, and for a moment, allowed herself the language of the station she'd given herself in the world. "Who dares come confront the Witch Queen?"

"Ella! Ella Greymond!"

"*Ah*, I remember now. I've seen you before. You see, I seldom go to do my own dirty work anymore, but I made a special exception for your parents, Ella." Lishi stood, brushing her hands down the front of her dress to smooth the fabric. The girl steadied her inexpert stance, hands tightening on the sword. Lishi smiled, eyes rolling slightly. "Oh, please."

She looked to her side, to Lisha, who moved immediately. She dissolved into a pool of shadow, which raced across the floor to behind the girl. Before Ella could even react, Lisha's hand had closed over hers, and wrenched the sword from her grip. She tossed it effortlessly towards Lishi, who caught it and looked it over once before tossing it aside dismissively, the steel clattering across the stone floor before coming to rest.

Ella tried to turn to face Lisha, but the older woman set her hands on the girl's shoulders and turned her back to face the Witch Queen. "Eyes forward," Lisha said. "Put your attention on your queen, where it belongs."

Lishi looked at her sister, and signed again. *Stay behind her. Do not let her run. Do not harm her.* Lisha nodded and took her hands off Ella, who remained still, transfixed by fear.

She made her way down the ten steps of the dais, the sound of her heeled shoes the only noise in the silent chamber. She could see the girl's mouth moving silently, offering some kind of prayer to one god or another. It bothered her, in a way, that she caused such fear in people she'd been trying so hard to help. Perhaps today she could solve that problem for at least one heart.

"Do you want to know *why* I killed your parents, Ella?"

Ella's voice shook as she responded. "You did it because...because you're *evil*, and because they stood up *against* you! That's what Magister Tonare told me when he was training me! And that's why fate chose me to stop you!"

Lishi sighed as she stepped off the dais, a loud sigh as opposed to the quiet, frustrated ones she had become so accustomed to in the last few hundred years. "*Tonare.* I should have guessed he had a hand in this. I *do* apologize for that; you're not the first pawn he's tried to sacrifice in this game, though you are by far the youngest yet."

Ella looked confused and opened her mouth to speak, but Lishi held up a hand to stop her. "I don't deny that I am, by most standards, evil. I'm perfectly willing to do whatever is necessary to keep my power and to keep this world orderly. I have crushed nations, executed entire royal lines, burned forests to slay those within. Though in my defense, I do only what I must, when I must." She lowered her hand as she kept approaching the girl.

"Your parents, however, were not heroic rebels, Ella, but murderers. Misguided fools whose version of standing against me was to slay merchants and farmers who dared to willingly do business with me. Business that was fair, and preferential to those people and their talents. You see, I put a high premium on those with skill. Your father was a merchant of great ambition but little true talent. His rivals were more capable, had better connections, were able to find things that were not easy to get. Your father had none of these traits, and so did not find royal business open to him. It was a short jump for your bloodthirsty mother - the woman who wore that armor before you - to convince him that violence would be the answer."

Ella looked entirely nonplussed. "You *lie.*"

"No, dear child, I do not. You might know this were it not for the fact that Magister Tonare, in his infinite desire to usurp me, has suppressed your true memories and implanted false ones. You would perhaps *remember* myself and my guard arriving at your home. You would *remember* me personally slaying your mother with no effort, and taking your father to be executed. And you would *remember* me sparing you specifically, ensuring that you would be placed in a good home, where you would want for nothing and would have a stable future ahead of you."

Ella's eyes were wide, and Lishi could see the aura around her faltering, flickering fitfully as it tried to reassert itself. "I...but..."

Lishi walked towards her briskly, her hand in front of her, forming a dispelling sigil in the air. Ella tried to step backward but bumped into Lisha, who had been silently standing behind her. The girl squeaked and looked around at the Queen's twin, who simply pointed her attention back at Lishi.

Ella's courage broke. Tears began to spill from her eyes as she whispered, "Please don't kill me."

Lishi smiled at the girl, her expression gentle. "Girl, if I wanted you dead, you would not have made three steps into this room." She extended her arm and pushed her fingers through the glowing rune in the air to touch Ella's forehead. The rune flashed, shrinking and appearing under Lishi's fingers before vanishing. As it disappeared, so did the aura of enchantment around Ella. Tonare's spell was undone, and the girl's mind was her own once more, with just a little nudge from Lishi's magic to enhance her memory for a short time.

Ella gasped, and nearly collapsed; only Lisha's hands clamping underneath her arms kept her upright. Lishi was silently appreciative of how quick on the uptake Lisha was. The Witch Queen might have been one of the most intelligent people in the world, but nobody could ever say she'd gotten all the brains between her and her sister.

Lishi looked into Ella's eyes, amethyst meeting warm brown, the gentle smile still in place. "Do you remember now, young one?"