For centuries my family has hunted the dark creatures of the night. Werewolves, vampires, demons, anything we could get our hands on and drive a blessed silver blade through the heart of. We took pride in that and our role in serving in humanity. But, well, overhunting became a serious problem, and once monster populations started to decline, we were told by the government to stop. The monsters were seeking asylum, relying on humanity to sustain itself, and in return they would help us in what ways they could.

A few decades later and being a hunter means a much different thing. Nowadays we don’t hunt monsters much - except in a rare few exceptions, and even then we usually let them take care of their own. Nope, most of what we do is taking care of our end of things. We also don’t work for the goodwill of the humans; we’re government employees. Yearly salary, health benefits, the whole works.

Pretty good gig, if I do say so myself. I get to cash in a nice paycheck and all I need to do is take care of those few who aren’t on the up and up.

Usually it’s kids who stumble on something they weren’t meant to. They’re confused and scared, so if I sit them down and explain it’s all good. Send them back home, and their worried parents will have them believing it was all a dream by the time they hit middle-school. 

People like these two, however, were often a proper pain in the butt.

“I think we’re getting close,” the one to my left said. He was in his early thirties but already mostly bald. Built like a starving rail, and I worried that flashlight he was holding might snap his thin wrist with its weight.

“Yeah, it’s getting darker. Vampires like the dark,” the one to my right replied. He was about the same age as the other one but bulkier. Little more hair too. “Isn’t that right?” He glanced back at me, and I shrugged. I mean, yeah. Vampires like the dark in the way anybody likes the absence of something that would painfully kill you.

It’s fine, better than the alternative.

“But shouldn’t we have stakes? Or at least a gun like you. I don’t think these will do much,” the bigger one continued. He lifted up the flashlight he was holding and I had to glance away to avoid the blinding beams.

“Hey, watch it. Keep it aimed ahead.”

“Right, sorry.”

“And stop asking so many questions. Do you trust me or not?” I tapped the badge on my chest, the one shaped like a sword and hammer. It marked me as a genuine government-sponsored hunter.

It was also enough to get this guy to quiet down a bit. Good timing, too. They were getting close to their quarry, and I mine.

We can hear ripping from up ahead through the trees. Tearing, slurping. A vampire feeding. “It’s here,” the thin one hissed to me, and I shook my head. These amateurs couldn’t sneak up on a deaf and blind sloth.

“Yeah, quiet.”

“Sorr-”

“I will feed you to the vampire if you say sorry one more time.”

“Sor-right.” Calm, calm. Find your zen. 

We stepped through the brush and saw him - hunched over the prone form of a ripped-apart deer. His hands were coated in gore, his mouth too, as well as most of the rest of his unclothed and pale body. Two crimson fangs peeked out from between stained lips. 

The two idiots raised up their torches to blind it and yelled at the top of their lungs. I raised my hand.

“Hey Al. How’s it going?”

“What the…Helsing, is that you?” The vampire raised his hands not to fight, but to cover his eyes to see.

“Yeah, sorry to interrupt your meal. You know you can’t be chowing down in public like this, though. These locals saw you the night before.” The vampire looked to the deer, then to the idiots, then me, then back to the deer. His expression grew more sheepish by the second.

“I prefer it fresh, so…I couldn’t help myself, I’m sorry.”

“I know, but you know the rules. I gotta bring you and these two in, give you all a slap on the wrist and a stern talking-to,” I let out a sigh and put my hands on my waist. Only now the two sensed something wrong, turning together to face me.

“Wait, but…! We have to slay him before-”

“Before what? He eats another deer? Relax, Al’s harmless. You two, however, are a real problem. You can’t go around harassing monsters with stakes, you know.” I settled a hand on my hostler - full of non-silvered bullets. “Now if you’ll all kindly follow me.”

Al quietly complied. The two humans complained the entire way there.  


(Thanks for reading, C&amp;C always welcome!)