I was ecstatic discovering my superpower and since it seemed absolute I asked a obvious question any superhero would.



Five hours later I was on the news. Full global broadcast as per my demands. Answering any and all question asked to me and having a great time. 


"Aah that was wonderful thank you for having me on but all good things must come to a end. Now, I would like to say something to the audience."



Turning to the camera a braced myself. I swore I would do this.



"President I left a bomb in your house. Bottom right corner of that hidden basement you have. The one where you pull Moby Dick and the entrance shows up? Yah better get a squad on that."


That was a lie but the squad would discover something else.



Silence filled the studio. Someone was signaling to cut the broadcast, I pointed at him. 


"Do not cut the broadcast in fact. Your getting punished. Call your wife, she has 30 seconds."


Panicked murmering filled the room as he called. Soon the sounds of gunfire was heard before his phone dropped to the ground.

A sad coincidence but she was destined to die today. I just had to use it.


Putting on my best villain smile I leaned back in my seat.


"Now keep this rolling or you might be next!"


I did a cackle, man that hurt my throat.



"So while I got the world's attention and proven my power let me reveal some more truth. Let's welcome out new guest first."


Crashing through the ceiling light sniper stood in front of me. Before he could speak I lifted up a finger.


"9. No... it would be 10 now wouldn't it?"


Light sniper froze for a second before shooting. Spinning in my chair the light beam barely grazed my head.


Keep calm. Look like a villain. Look like a villain.


"Light come ooon! I only said numbers. Unless of course your trying to silence me. That would be a reaaal shame for Erica."


They were going to speak but I interrupt again.


"Might want to go to her now. My men have her and she'll confess if you don't reach her. I have no reason to say it now but she has a bloodthirsty drive to even the score. Come on I left it vague enough to confuse people! Now go. Corner of Willbarrow. My men arnt patient."


Glaring daggers into my eyes he quickly bolted out of the hole he made as I did my best to steady my breath. Glancing at the clock I saw it was ten minutes to noon.


Ten minuets to cast as much suspicion on the heros and government as possible.


Ten minutes till I was publicly declared a class 1 villain.


Ten minutes left before they carpet bombed the place leaving no survivors.



All because I asked that one stupid question.



What's the best way to help humanity?