"Arise, paladin."

Gabriel felt motion impelled into his lifeless form and he found himself standing before he could think. There was an extended silence, and in it he experienced a calmness he could only vaguely recall. His memory was addled, though, and he was struggling to adapt to being breathless.

The blonde necromancer, no older than his own protégé but a fair bit smaller, seemed to be waiting for him to say something. "...why-" was all he could speak before he began coughing up a concerning amount of blood.

"Why? Look around you, paladin." She gestured.

He did so, and saw the destruction. Fire and blood, shattered brick and splintered wood, death and pain. "You...killed...them...all," Gabriel said, finding his voice.

The necromancer barked a harsh laugh, a single note that echoed across the chaos. "I did this? Look again!" She grabbed his head and turned it, a move that he could not resist. His gaze fell upon a toddler-

*-those burns came from holy light.* He knew the signs of it, very well. Perhaps too well.

"That was my son. He's been dead for at least an hour, and by your hand."

"No... but the boy-"

*-has been tainted by the dark.* He remembered thinking those thoughts clearly, and remembered thinking them many times.

She wouldn't let go of his head, and he found he could not bring a hand against her no matter how hard he willed. He began to gag more fluids, a sensation that was less unpleasant than seeing this. He began to sob but found no tears coming from his body. She eventually shoved him to the ground and he did not try to get up.

---

It would be 8 days before she spoke to him again. During this time she magically commanded him to find and bury every person his order killed. He had seen horrible things while he was a paladin, but nothing compared to the task she had given him. He saw the works of Valketh, Urist, Charles, and the rest of his team. The only time he resisted his work was when he wanted to bury those he knew who fell, and she graciously allowed him to bury them too. She took the time to pick through the wreckage and find supplies, and to grieve.

Eventually they set off, and he could wait no longer. "What are we doing?"

"I have a theory," she responded. "I think that the Light that empowers your order also blinds you. What do you think?"

Gabriel heavy footsteps kept interrupting his thoughts, but as they walked he looked back on his life. "I think you might be right. I remember joining the order, and slowly... I mean, this is the clearest my mind has felt in a decade. I first thought it was death that had shrouded my mind when I awoke."

"Not how it works," she curtly responded. "But I get why you'd think that. Anyway, I'm not the only one who has that theory, and now that we have a witness to that experience we can really begin."

"Begin what?"

"Resisting your order."

He stopped. "No, I won't fight them."

"Firstly, you don't really have a choice." He began to move against his will when he felt the pull of her magic. "Second, I never said we're fighting them."

"What are we doing then?"

"Inspiring doubt."