A millenia. A gods-damned millenia. High Diplomat Johnson held his head in his hands. "We were under the assumption that the 'no-go-zones' at the center of the X'ti'q, Terran, and Fhlogis federation space were due to naturally occurring threats - black holes, time eddies, and the like. You're telling me we've been at war this whole time and only now are we hearing about it?" The translation matrix clicked through the words and thoughts.

Xlath left a slow light click from their X'ti'q mandibles in what could be a sigh to a Terran. The clicking and antennae-waving continued rapidfire as the translation matrix continued for the diplomat: "No war - aphids do not rule the nest. This is center. Terran use is edge-space finding." 

Now it was Johnson's time to sigh. The translation matrix helped but there was still some times that metaphors only somewhat translated and when a species is specifically called out like that it almost certainly had something lost in translation. He also still occasionally took offense at the 'use' comments in regards to his people. He took a calming breath and thought 'Aphids?'... "You gather items from them then?"

Xlath instinctually froze at the thought which almost universally meant not just "no" but that the question was offensive and not worthy of response. Johnson's eyes narrowed. Xlath gathered the X'ti'q would still be the next to speak. "Our antennae do not touch their think-filth. We grind their world-leavings: high in psydust. "

Johnson massaged his temples, "You take from them psydust -- they leave this behind? Do they not use it in their Alcubierre drives?" 

Xlath's mandibles clacked almost painfully loud. An incredibly aggressive action but the posture clarified it not as an attack but strong offense taken. "Think-takings are not done. Their works useless. Made from sand and bile. X'ti'q still pure."

"Right, you leave the impure actions to us Terrans. We'll review and get back to you." Johnson was certain this was going to be a hell of a write up to Terra Prime. A competing race with psydust as a waste-product could potentially explode their exploration capacities. Whatever method they have to create it would have unfathomable worth to the Terran fleet.