The place was cursed.

All those mighty heroes fighting demons, and defeating hell beasts and vanquishing the undead on their long, perilous adventures and returning to the city with their bags of holding full of loot - you'd think they would go the blacksmith to drop off extra armor and arms, or go to the enchanter to sell all the magical trinkets?

WRONG.

They will go to me, to my fruit stand next to the city gates. Presumably because they want to dump all their loot as fast as possible and get back to adventuring, I don't know, I tried to tell them not to, but did they listen? Hell no. Every time I open my mouth they hush me. And keep dropping off dozens of demon-forged glaives on my counter.

So you probably think it's great, right? You get lots of cool stuff! All other vendors must envy you! They probably plot to take over your stand in order to buy all those artefacts from adventurers!

ALSO WRONG.

Do you know how many crates of apples I can buy from local farmers with one demon-forged glaive? Zero. None. Nil. Because farmers don't need demon-forged glaives. Do you know how many glaives it takes to pay my taxes? Also none. Tax collectors only take cash. They, apparently, also have no need for demonic weaponry.
You might ask, why I'm even buying it if it's so useless. Well, how should I tell you... If you have the guts to turn away a bunch of overpowered slayers who just took down a goddamn dragon, then you're welcome to take over my fruit stand. Although you will be soon sued and likely jailed, because our Queen, goddess bless her soul, decreed that it's illegal to refuse to buy whatever adventurers are selling you.

You have no idea how much debt I'm in. Obviously my small fruit stand doesn't get me nearly enough profit to buy all this junk. And reselling it is tough, since no one needs it, except adventurers themselves, and they tend to pay for their equipment with iron instead of gold. I should have abandoned this cursed fruit stand right when this started, but I was young and dumb and thought I'll get rich off it. Now I can't even quit because my creditors will have my head if I don't pay them back.

Honestly, if some historian reads this, trying to figure out what destroyed kingdom's economy, tell people it's because of adventurers.

I don't really have a choice now. I obviously can't even lift most of those weapons, but if I equip a belt of physical perfection, and a headband of mental prowess, and then drink some potions so that I can cast some blessings from scrolls on myself... Well, I think I actually stand a chance. I've seen adventurers much worse than what looks at me from the mirror.

Gods forgive me, for I didn't want to become what I hate the most. But a man has to pay his debts. And for the monsters I'll find on my path, I'll tell but one thing:

"Keep your junk. I'm only here for the cold hard cash."