Doctor Chandlos stared cold daggers at me over the semi-circular table. Around her sat several figures I didn’t recognize, dressed in lab coats or suits. They regarded me inscrutably as I stepped up to the podium.

“Mr. Morrison.”

It was a woman on the left in a lab coat who spoke. Her voice was sharp, and louder than I’d expected.

“You’re the one who proposed the site project?”

I nodded.

“Us and the Council have a few questions about your proposal.”

I froze for a moment, before realizing this didn’t mean the Council was actually *here*. Of course they weren’t. Heck, I wasn’t even sure they could-

The woman continued, interrupting my chain of thought.

“We’d like to know what you believe the benefits of this project are.”

I cleared my throat, leaning towards the microphone.

“Well, uh, this project could help protect people. On the chance they access this database, if they ever run into one of our specimens or anomalous objects, they’ll have an idea on how to protect themselves. It-“

A bald man in a suit cut me off.

“The chance the general public runs into these things is next to nothing, thanks to divisions like mine. You’d risk compromising all of our security to maybe save a few people?”

I swallowed.

“Well, it... it carries other benefits as well. The project also, um, decreases the chance of our work-“

Chandlos interrupted me.

“Answer his question, Morrison. I know your rank, or lack thereof, means you don’t present often, but there are proce-“

Someone else interrupted her, in a soft but firm voice. A bearded man, looking to be a security officer, who had been standing silently in the back for... well, the whole time. I hadn’t really seen him before, so anxious about my presentation that I hadn’t noticed there were six bodyguards for five people.

“The Council requests Morrison not be interrupted.”

The room went silent.

“...uh, as I was saying, this measure would primarily decrease the chance of our work being revealed to the public. See, with this measure, if someone glances one our anomalous entities and gets away... I mean, usually, if someone sees these things and gets away, they aren’t detected. There’s not really a way to tell how many people spot one of these and just leave before we contain, or as things sometimes are, re-contain it. And after seeing a strange thing, these witnesses probably do what most people do. They look it up online. By current procedure, they look this strange thing they saw up and find, well, nothing. And that shakes them up, they start talking, trying to find someone who knows to prove they aren’t crazy, and stuff starts spreading. And that can be really bad, but, uh, if we have this site, when they look it up, they find it as something on some monster wiki. And then? Then they think it’s some art project, or parody, or fan creation. They don’t think to tell anyone, and anyone they do will think they’re making a weird reference. And no one actually believes wikis like that, because everyone, uh, knows they’re fake.”

I could see the group in front of me contemplating that. Even the bald man seemed interested. Chandlos was no longer staring daggers, clearly embarrassed about being shut down by the Council themselves. Finally, the first woman spoke again. Her voice was a bit less harsh now.

“That’s... an intriguing proposal. However, clever eyes may question why we would start this site, or look too far into its content. And of course, many of our records are too sensitive or cognitohazardous to publicize. How do you suggest we avoid these pitfalls?”

I breathed out. My speaking seemed to come easier now.

“My idea was to make it, well, a wiki. We start out with a few entities listed, assigning each one a fragment of the true data we have on it, and then add more with some delays, under different profiles each time. We add some not-too-believable staged photos, we decorate with stuff taken from image searches, we make spelling mistakes, we throw on a few totally fake entries, and most importantly, we let anyone edit it. We can keep an eye on the real ones, make sure they stay accurate, and let people bury anything that could get traced to real events in fake monster profiles. What matters is that if someone sees something they shouldn’t and looks for it by other sources, they come up with an online monster wiki. Because it’s much, much worse if they come up with nothing.”

There was a moment of silence. Then the bearded man spoke again.

“The Council would like to know who you plan to oversee this project.”

I paused for a moment.

“Well...”

-

*Six months later*

-

With a few more clicks, I finished the last letter. I saved my changes and stepped back from my computer, looking at my finished site. It was small, now, but soon enough some scheduled additions would be made by some completely random accounts with no connections to each other. I scrolled up a bit, taking a good look at the logo, the final addition. A circular symbol with arrows pointing inwards and three letters.

Secure. Contain. Protect.

SCP.