I learned a long time ago to only make promises I was sure I could keep. The world recently learned that same lesson.

The government stopped functioning just over 6 months ago; corporations fell shortly thereafter. The supply chain has dried up and we eat what we are able to scrounge together. We live in a small warehouse with three other families. The other parents help keep things in order. Each time I go out on a scouting mission, I tell Junior that I love him. I don’t promise that everything will be o.k. I don’t promise that I’ll come back.

I can’t keep those promises.

Used to be that I was the only person who kept their word. I watched as politicians and CEOs spoke out of both sides of their. I was fascinated by their ability—my condition felt like a curse. Now, I know that I was just ahead of the curve.

At night, the sound of gun shots frighten the children. I hold Junior close and promise him that I will protect him with all my might. He is my world and the only reason I’m still here. To get him to sleep I tell him stories of his mother: of our year-long courtship, how we used to dance like wild-people at weddings, how she loved the smell of hand sanitizer unironically, and how he gets that trait from her.

We didn’t realize that the world before was all a house of cards—that the whole system was propped by a foundation of broken promises. The aftermath was built upon the comatose husks of lying leaders.

It was Junior’s birthday two days ago. To celebrate I gave him a Snickers bar I was able to scavenge from a convenience store that hadn’t yet been picked clean. I lit a match and stuck it into the chocolate bar as a makeshift candle. He closed his eyes, wished, and blew out the match. I later asked him what he wished for, but he wouldn’t tell me for fear it wouldn’t come true. I asked for a hint so that I could try to make it come true. He told me through tears that he couldn’t tell me because I wouldn’t be able to promise I’d make it happen. He fell asleep in my arms that night.

When it first started, everyone assumed there was a virus causing mass comatose. It wasn’t until a couple months after the first cases that a pattern began to emerge. No one could have imagined the impact that such a seemingly small change would make; how often people made empty promises and how reliant people were on not having to follow through.

This morning I packed my bag for a scouting mission. Brian, one of the other fathers in the group, and Debbie, one of the mothers, were coming along on this mission. We planned to be gone for three days. I packed essentials: first aid kit, MRE rations we found at a military surplus store a couple miles from our warehouse, knife, and binoculars, along with some rope, my colt revolver, and some ammo.

As I packed, Junior walked over to me for our good-bye routine. I ruffled his hair and told him to behave himself and watch after the place. Take care of the other kids, and don’t cause any trouble, son. He told me he would. I promised him I’d be careful out there. I asked him to promise to me that he’d be here when I get back.

He tried to reply but the words wouldn’t come out. They caught in his throat as he stammered. I panicked and tried to think of ways that I could stay—but I had to leave. I had promised Brian and Debbie. Please, Son. Promise me! I shouted.

He just stared at me with tears dripping down his face.