A new year, a new beginning. Maya looked outside trough the window of her prison cel. The lights of the fireworks lit up the small room she was in. They looked beautiful and she wished she was able to enjoy them. She heard the laughter and joy of the people celebrating a new year. Maya always wished to be able to be just as happy as the people down there were. 

'Soon you will be happy again, but i hope it was worth it.' Maya shook up and saw a middle aged woman at the other side of the cel. Maya was already here a few days waiting for her execution. How did she not see this large woman comming in. The woman looked rough, she had scars all over her body. But her eyes were sweet and caring, something she did not see very often. 'I'm sorry, who are you?' Maya asked the strange woman. She smiled, Maya felt strangely comfortable with her. The woman looked familiar but Maya could not place where she  knew her from.

'Can i come sit next to you?' The woman asked 'I rather be left alone.' Maya was looking outside again. She had not the energie to tell her life story. A few moments of silence went by until the woman spoke again. 'Why did you do it, my dear?' Maya looked up at the woman, angry that she was not left alone but also shocked. This woman could not know what kind of horrifying act Maya had done to get here. 

Her parents died when she was barely three years old. She was raised by a family who used her as a slave. Never showed any love, never gave her a hug or were ever proud of her. Always used her to clean the house, wash the dishes and she was even raped a few times. She just wanted to forget her life, tried to forget everything. But under eighteen you don't really get punished, not the way she wanted at least. Last month she turned eighteen and finally was able to get the execution she always wanted. Maya looked at her arms and legs, the scars of the attack and struggel were still very visible. She wondered if they are removed during the procedure. 'To kill the monster you have to become the monster.' Maya said in a soft voice while tears streaming down her eyes.
'I am sorry I was not there for you, that you needed to find your way in life all on your own. I never wanted for you to live this life, to end up here.' The woman was now sitting on front of her. Maya looked into her loving eyes and realizing, this was woman she should have grown up with. This was her mother. 

The door to the cel opend with a loud bang. Two prison guards were standing there. 'It's time.' One said in a deep voice. Maya looked back at where her mother was standing, but she was gone. In all her years she never was so happy and sad at the same time. Maya followed the guards to the execution room. She looked down to the green floor while the other prisoners screamed and begged to be let go. Maya didn't hear them. 
Arriving in the room she was asked to sit in the chair. She was about to forget everything, her whole life, but she was happy about it. While the the room started spinning and a white light flashed in her eyes, she quietly said to herself: 'A new year, a new beginning.'