Entering the cafeteria, the familiar smell invaded my nostrils like a unwelcomed guest.  
  
"Potato porridge again..."  
  
I walked through the line, getting the meal on my plate, and complimented the kitchen workers and servers. Good people in general, specially Nanny, a small old woman who's at this job for as long as i can remember.  
  
I'm a old woman too, but while i'm not small, for sure i'm frail. That's time and experience taking it's toll on me. While i was sitting alone, in my usual table, i observed the boys gathering together, to talk about their jobs.  
  
Jack, the newcomer, was apparently getting laughed at by his peers, much more experienced on the job at the agency. Looked like a good kid, with plenty of heart on it, just like Hel when he started. Hel was incredible, and he had his fair share of clients, who would put their hand in the sun for him. Now, he ain't what i would call good, but to be fair, i'm not good too.  
  
The boys there worked on the Protection department of SPA. There was another two well-known chaps on the table, one was laughing his ass off from Hel jokes about Jack successful misadventure. His name was Sam, the one with the most potential in the entire agency. And then, there was my former boss, Frank, who was staring at me in a eerie way. I waved at Frank, Frank waved back.     
  
You know, SPA have a bunch of departments and every one of them have a great deal of people working on jobs to make it work. They deal with Vampires, Werewolves, Faerie and much more kinds of creatures that one could expect, always protecting them from hunters. My department on the other hand, focused entirely on humans, most of the time. I'm the boss of the Sleep Guarding(SG for short) Department, and we deal mostly with cultists trying to wake up eldritch beings from their sleep early than they're supposed to.  
  
Humans are selfish little things, who'll go out of their way to wake something up against their will, just so they can achieve some childish nefarious accomplishment. Nobody will accomplish nothing for you when getting waked up early than they're supposed to. They'll be pissed, i assure you of it.   
  
Me, and my assistant Cole, take care of most cults, even if most of them don't really exist anymore. We did a pretty good job on translating most of the rituals and stories into poor-written fiction. People love to read it, and it give us some peace. Sometimes, someone will try to gather a cult and start something using a "occult" book that they bought on Amazon, but we're quick to dismantle it. It's our job after all. But, all this peace had a cost.  
  
I didn't noticed neither Frank, nor my porridge getting cold. Frank was standing right at my table, staring it's own feet with what appeared to be fierce determination.  
  
"Hey Frank.", i said it in the most friendly tone possible.  
  
"Hey.", it answered back.  
  
"So, how's Sam doing?"  
  
"Fine. He's really good. I like him.", Frank said, now, looking away from it's feet to look directly on my eyes.  
  
"That's great news friend. I knew that if someone could work with you, that was the man right there.", i forced a smile while pointing at Sam.  
  
"He's not coming back. I'm sorry.", Frank said it.  
  
"I know bud, i know. Shit hits the fan sometimes.", i assumed a reassuring tone towards Frank. Nobody was at fault on that fateful night, no need to get worried about it.  
  
But Frank was still there, staring at me. Looking for something, that it thought that only i could provide. Answers. But i had none. 
  
"Well, why don't you sit down while i grab some coffee for us, huh?", i said while getting ready to go grab some coffee.  
  
"I don't drink coffee.", Frank said, sitting down.  
  
"Huh, that's new. What you'll want then?", i said, now with a genuine smile.
  
"Almond Milk.", Frank smiled back.