Today marks the day, fifteen years since the great blight. Some say it was the death of a god, some say it was a failed landing by extraterrestrials. Either way, what was left was a giant hunk of glowing substance, sitting peacefully still in a gigantic crater. Our little village, just a few kilometres away from the impact site, remained somehow unharmed from whatever celestial event that took place there. 

At first, the event brought scientists, archeologists, curious minds and eventually tourists to our village. But year after year, tests after tests, nobody was able to figure out what this mysterious glowing substance did. And soon most people gave up the search and left. Our little village, which had originally profited from the increased attention and tourists, was left starving again. 

Last winter, a particularly harsh one, left our village decimated, starving, and our population almost halved. Out of sheer desperation, my mother went to inspect the glowing crater sitting just a few steps away from our humble cottage. She took the tiny shiv that she had fashioned out of a sharp stone and cut out a small piece of the mysterious, glowing substance. And she took a bite.

And another.

And another...

Turns out, this mysterious substance was not only edible, it was delicious. It had the flavours of a thousand different foods, and you could taste the aroma of every one of them on your tongue at the same time. Not only that, when this substance was given to a sick child in our village, it miraculously healed him within days. The entire village soon took advantage of our unique, and plentiful stockpile of this substance. You could cook delicious dishes, and even dissolve it in water for a refreshing drink. Our population grew and recovered steadily, and everyone was in a state of bliss.

I woke up today, and had a drink of cosmic sparkling water. It has been tradition every year to pay respect to the gods that so narrowly spared us fifteen years ago, and have since even sustained our lives. I've always hated the crowds, so I travelled to the crater alone early in the morning to spend some time in peace. Just as I arrive at the foot of the crater, something strange happened. The sun suddenly seemed brighter than usual, and when I raised my hand to block the sunlight, I noticed my hand was glowing. Something was wrong.

I looked at my hand proper, and found a small sparkling mist. It was not the sunlight reflecting, there was something truly... magical in my hands. I thought about the day of the blight so many years ago, at that exact moment I was holding a yellow toy truck in my hands. And that very same truck appeared in my hands! I was so amazed that I ran straight home to show my mother. 

And I found her... gently floating above our little cottage?