"Hello, yes, I hear you, please settle down. Look, will you - yes, I hear you, please settle down so I can speak!

Thank you.

Now, you know why my crew is here. Your old nuclear-fusion drive is an antique, it's worn-out, and it's going to fail in a few decades. We're here to install the brand-new, top-of-the-line Habercorn FTL drive, to get you to your destination- yes? Is there a question?

No, I don't know what your destination is. That's not on my manifest. My crew is here to install the drive, your destination doesn't matter to- 

Really? That far out? On a fusion-drive? You guys must be, what seventh or eighth generation?

Twelfth generation? Vaccio, when did you leave Dirt? Well, I don't have your launch-date here, it's probably on your journey-plaques. What do you mean, you don't have journey-plaques? Look... yes, I hear you, but... look! None of this is really pertinent! We're just going to install the drive and be on our way, you guys can get to your destination planet, we can move on to the next colony ship, everybody's happy. Yes? Question?

No. I have no idea. Like I said, I don't know much about the passenger manifest or anything-

Sir. Sir! If you can stop shouting, we can all- look, I'm just trying to- OKAY! ENOUGH!

Where is your captain?

What do you mean you don't have a captain? Who's directing the ship?

Well, who's in charge, then?

...okay, I really don't understand. You're all... do you get that you're on a spaceship? Flying through space? On your way to a planet?

Vaccio. Okay, let's start at the beginning. You are on a colony ship, launched from Dirt sometime before the year 332. Your ship is one of thousands, called Generation ships, carrying a wide variety of people from Dirt to go settle a far-off planet. Your great-great-great ancestors were going to be settlers, pioneers on a new world - your navigation system's been jostled a little off-course, and in the last few decades the Habercorn family's come up with a new FTL drive- FTL? Uh, it stands for Faster-Than-Light, letting you move much, much faster toward your destination- Well, it works by- no, you don't 'fold space' you- look, it just works, okay? We install it, boom, you're there in a year or two, tops. At your current rate of travel, your great grandkids might live long enough to see it, but I wouldn't take bets on it.

So. There it is. Can somebody direct me to the drive-chamber so we can get this baby installed and shoot over to the next colony ship on my list? My team's got five more to do today, so the faster we...

What do you mean, 'No'?

Look, I understand that, but... no, no, no, I'm not trying to... look, if you'd just let me- okay, okay.

I get it, I really do. I grew up on a colony ship. It's your own little world, floating through space. But trust me, planets? Planets are amazing. You've got actual gravity. You can grow food, you can look up at the stars at night... you can breathe air that isn't recycled, just... free. You can have houses, you can have a little privacy, you can...

No, I get that. This is all you've known for twelve generations. There's nobody on the ship who can remember anybody who can remember what living planetside was like. But that's no reason to just... give up. To just stay up here because you- okay, 'give up' was a bad choice of words, but- no, I'm not judging you for wanting to live your lives, I'm just-

Look... hey. Hey! I have never... my crew and I have done this job on almost a thousand ships now, catching up to the old cold-drive ships, putting a new FTL in 'em, and sending them on their way. We have never - never! - had a ship outright refuse it. I get that it's a big change in your culture, but it's not like we're taking away anything from you - we're giving you a new opportunity, something you will never get on this ship. You will never- yes, and that's a good point, this ship's ancient! It's not going to last forever! What good is all of this 'society' of yours if the gravity drive dies tomorrow? Or the air recycler breaks down? You should have been planetside almost four hundred years ago. Four hundred years! Think of what you could have accomplished in four hundred... no, look, I didn't mean it like that. Of course, you've accomplished-

Yes. Yes, I understand. All right. No, that's... that's fine.

I wish you the best of luck, I really do. And I'm going to leave you a communicator in case you change your minds, okay?

Okay guys, pack it up. Back to the *Nevarra*, we've got four more ships to cross off today.