It was hard to avoid the constant interviews oh his annoying, goody-goody attitude, and that fabulous hair. He was handsome and a "hero", so I understood, but it was still annoying. I left the tv on while I cooked, seering chicken for my traditional greek salad, oranges and fenal, so good. I mostly turned out his voice, yada yada about all his struggle to get stronger and learn his powers, but then I heard mumblings of disapproval. I turn, confused.

"N-no. Sleep and meditation doesn't help me when I am depressed-" started my adversary.

"But have you really tried? Like sat down and really tried?" Asked Malory Saints, the aging broadcasted asked in a condescending tone.

"Y-yes. Of course I have. I tried for years, I looked at videos and read books and-" He was beginning to look frazzled. I had usually enjoyed that look on his face. But this was different.

"What about your diet? Sugar is horrible for people who think they have mental issues." Allen's face went red and he looked doen at his feet like a petulant child.

I fet my face go red with anger. A wave of my hand and my cape wrapped itself atound my shoulders and I flew out the window. It was less than three minutes before I was on the roof and the security guards had their tasers aimed at me. I made quick work of them, stunning them with a Phantom gaze before walking down the four flights down to the recording station. They were already ready for me and Allen was in fighting pose, shirt ripped open to reveal his stupid spandex suit. I put both hands up in surrender, which surprised everyone who wasn't already Gazed into paralysis. "No, no. I'm not here to fight. See, no one is hurt, you can see that, Fantasico."

Allen paused, confused. "I came to say something. To her." I said turning to Mallory, who was crawling across away. "YOU, MISS SAINTS." She froze and turned around. She jumped and spun to meet my gaze, then closed her eyes, remembering who I am.

"Soulhaiter. Stop, she's innocent." I shot him an annoyed look, but not a phantom gaze.

"That's the difference between a villain and a hero. Someone treets you like a bad child and you defend them." He recoiled as if I had hit him. He wasn't expecting me to say that to him, but glanced at Miss Saints. "People talked to me like that and I killed them. Made them pay. But that woman and women like her talk down to you because your own brain is against you sometimes. And you saived her from a building on fire... twice? Twice. Ungrateful." I sneered and shook my head.

"She doesn't know she was saying something so-"

"Selfish? Rude? Mean spirited? Plainly stupid? She did, Fantastico. She thought because you are kind, that she could step on the man who saved this town thousands of times in the last three years. I would know, I was the main cause of at least a solid third of the mayhem." He looked as if he wanted to say something but nothing would come out, so I continued. "I tortured you, beat you, lied to you, made your life a living hell. I know you are not weak. I know you care for these... selfish cockraches."

I looked around the room and most people dodged my eyesight. I took a few steps forward and my adversary matched my steps. I smiled.

"You amuse me, Fantastico. But I shouldn't be the one to respect you the most." His face darkened with mixed emotions. "I'll give you a week of no mischief from me, my friend. At least you deserve a break from extra struggles in your time of consideration." His shoulders softened but his jaw didn't unclench. I turned to the camera. "Remember, villains are made, people. Often by cruel, entitled people like your piss covered hostest." I said with a bitter laugh. "Good night, my lovely town." I gave a flick of my wrist and walked back out to the top floor. No one fought me, or stepped in my way. I actually heard a soft, "I'm sorry" as I made my way to the roof and left home.