The woman winced, "Master? Oh, I don't like that term at all. Very problematic." 

The bulldog excitedly waddled on over to her. She bent down to pet him, as he wagged his stout tail, "I'm not Bubba's master. He's my buddy!" She smiled and spoke in a voice as one would speak to a baby, "Isn't that right, buddy? Whose a good boy?"

The genie stared back at her, completely dumbfounded. "You find a genie in your living room and your first reaction is to complain about the word 'master?' What's wrong with you?"

The woman turned her attention away from Bubba and looked at the genie, "What's wrong with me? What's wrong with you? You're the one in *my* house." She crossed her arms over her chest, "And you don't sound a thing like Robin Williams."

"Well, I didn't know if you heard but he's dead so that would kind of be impossible."

"Still somehow disappointing though." She gave him the once over again, clearly still not thrilled with what she was seeing, "And you're not even blue! You're purple."

The genie grinned, "Damn, thats pretty racist of you."

She blushed and then burst into laughter. "Thats a pretty good one for someone who lives in a bottle."

The genie laughed. He'd been alive for thousands of years and thought he'd seen it all. But she might actually be something new. He then looked at Bubba, still attached to his mother's hip. It was time to get back to business.

He cleared his throat, "Look, this isn't unprecedented. I've had dozens of animals somehow manage to pry me open in my lifetime. As it is my sacred duty to grant him a wish and because I unfortunately can't read animal's thoughts, I have to follow him and use my keen sense of observation to determine his greatest desire. And then grant it to him."

She laughed, "You can't possibly be serious. His 'greatest desire?' Just give him a bone or a new stuffed duck toy, he'll be thrilled. Plus, I don't want a creepy genie following my poor dog around." She pet him again and with that same baby voice said, "Isn't that right, precious?"

"You must understand that I can't just take your word for it. You could be using him for your own personal desire. I've seen it happen a million times."

She rolled her eyes, "Oh yeah, you caught me. I'm just super desperate for a new stuffed duck toy."

The genie's face burned a darker shade of purple. She did have a point. But she didn't understand the stakes here, "Look, I'm sorry but I really have to grant your dog a wish. I swear it won't take any more than a week or so to follow him. But if I don't fulfill my sacred duty, the Council of Great Genies is going to call me in and permanently destroy my lamp."

"Ooooh the Council of Great Genies. Scary." She said mockingly but then saw the look in the genie's eyes and realized he was actually serious.

She sighed, "Look, you can hang out with him during the day while I'm at work IF you take him on lots of walks and play with him. It'll actually save me some money on doggie day care so it's not the worst thing in the world."

The genie bowed, "Thank you very much, ma'am. I will not let you down"

She laughed, "If you bow again, the deal is definitely off. And don't call me ma'am **ever**. I'm Carrie. What's your name?"

It wasn't a question he was asked often. or ever really. People usually referred to him as "the genie" or "Genie." In fact, he didn't even know how to answer it except by how the Council refers to him, "I'm Genie number 7567948."

"There is no way in hell I'm going to remember that." After taking a few seconds to think, Carrie smiled, "Is it cool if I call you Robin?"

The genie smiled back, "Its cool with me."