"Commander Blarg," barked the bulbous green commandant, "we have arrived at Earth, sir."

Blarg swivelled his eye stalks over to his adjutant and made a contented squelching noise.

"Very good, Commandant, very good. Commence with orbit. Open communications with the - what was it? - oh yes, United Nations Space Embassy."

The underling wobbled affirmitively and pressed a few blinking computer buttons with flagellant appendages. The computer binked and bonged happily for a few moments. A face then materialised on the main viewscreen. It was disturbing - a sort of fleshy ruddy colour, quite opaque, topped in a mop of stringy stuff. Blarg and his bridge staff gallantly hid their cringing revulsion at the bizarre alien.

"Hi, guys!" the Earthling tooted. "What's up? Quite the space ship you have there!"

Blarg bristled, but held himself in check.

"Hail Earthling! We travel to you for, uh, the purposes of commercial negotiation."

"Oh, how nice," replied the human. "What commercial outfit would that be?"

"ZacZonaldz, of course! And in our fabulpus flagship, the Death Star!" announced Blarg. His feigning of glee and cheer was very convincing for an amorphous mega-single-celled entity. He waved around with his pseudopodia and, with a gesture, impelled an orderly dustbin robot to quickly send a Space-Mail to the human negotiator.

The human raised its eyebrows (disgusting!) and received the letter with glee, holding it aloft in bizarre bony manipulators.

"Ooh," it cooed, "a leaflet! The 'Death Star Orbital Space Drive-Thru', finest of Galactic eateries. Coming soon to a star system near you!'. Well, that's tremendous, I'm sure. But what would our humble gastronomic tradition have to offer you?"

The human went through an embarassing account of literally stellar cuisine - everything from cajun fries to Siberian jellied ice fish - all of which was so completely delicious and fresh that damn near every sentient and sapient creature the Galaxy across was flocking to this backwater blue ball. And, Blarg glowered, taking a vast chunk out of the Galactic fast-food market in the so doing.

"Yes, yes," chuckled Blarg, interrupting the human with a certain edge of desperate embarassment, "all very good! Very good indeed. And that's why we're here!"

Blarg coughed (as far as a pseudo macro-unicellular organism can) and signalled towards a new hologram that shimmered up beside him, rather like a newscast. He pointed eagerly towards it.

"Behold, Earthling! Our plan for the greatest culinary takeover - er, I mean, partnership - in Galactic history!"

Blarg patiently explained the options described in the hologram. The human received them with increasing levels of incredulity. Mashed Cat, Fried Grass, Chicken Lollipop, and Iceberg Soup really didn't sound terribly pleasant.

But, then again, these are the experienced professionals, aren't they? The human mulled Blarg's propositions. Well, it'd be jolly unfriendly not to let them have a go at some of this food.

"Alright," said the UN negotiator. "Sounds fine to me! Probably can't legally fry cats, I'm afraid, but the icebergs, grass, and chicken ones should be fine. Garlic Smoothie should be quite the pungent hit!"

And, with that, the UN signed off on a deal eagerly embraced by the galactic fast-food conglomerates - to their horrendous disaster, as their new menus proved so apallingly vile as to drive them all out of business forever. So grievously offensive were their ideas that the Padishah Emperor of the Galaxy, Zoggam XI, declared galactic fast-food illegal.

The Galaxy flourished for a thousand years under the guidance of true Earthling cuisine, and all concerned ultimately lived happily ever after.