He was a prophet.   
  
The orator was a shining beacon of confidence and eloquence. When he raised his hand, the crowd murmured in awe. When he stomped his foot, they roared in anger. They were his appendages and his conduit. Only a prophet could have such mastery of their followers. His miracles need not be ostentatious, for his knowledge was clear in his words. He had seen the true path all people were meant to walk.   
  
He had drunk from the cool waters of enlightenment and endured the hardships that the worthy must go through to earn such a title. There were scars in his eyes that were deep rifts of sadness and pain. He had suffered so the common people may have the knowledge he now spreads to all lost souls. He was the answer, the missing piece in the crowd’s life.   
  
Bartholomew watched as the prophet spoke. The enlightened bearer of wisdom’s eyes was distant as if he was in some sort of a trance. As if the knowledge he had received was too much for a mortal mind to bear, having to siphon from some cosmic conduit in order to release the chains of ignorance which has kept truth from the masses for so long. But now, salvation had come, salvation in the form of the prophet!  
  
\_\_\_\_  
  
He was a... prophet?   
  
When Sarah had followed Jerry to a weird church in some neighborhood people avoid on purpose, she expected some juicy secret. A drug deal perhaps? No, Jerry was too jittery for that. Maybe he had finally gotten that acting gig he wanted and was filming here? Or maybe he was some vigilante, beating people’s heads in… well, Jerry couldn’t even bench press twenty, she doubted he could battle criminals. It sounded stupid, she knew that, but certainly not as crazy as the truth.   
  
Jerry was the head of a frickin cult. She had told him he needed to find religion, but not like this. Jerry, the squeamish little nonconfrontational wannabe actor had started a cult. Jerry, who avoided any dangerous conversations, which included but were not limited to politics, gender, race, current events, and generally most opinions. He would race out of a room if sex was mentioned, and of course, he avoided topics about religion.   
  
But the Jerry she knew had vanished in an instant, this Jerry, or the prophet, as those nutjobs called him, was charismatic, commanding, confident, powerful, mighty, holy, and… dare she even say it, kinda hot. No, eww! That was Jerry, the pasty dweeb who wore prescription sunglasses, shoes, well, needless to say, she didn’t know an article on his body that wasn’t prescription. What had caused this nonconfrontational weirdo to run his own cult? She had to find out.  
  
\_\_\_\_\_  
  
*I’m a fraud, I’m a fraud, I’m a fraud, I’m a fraud…*  Jerry repeated the words in his head as he spoke, his teeth tried to chatter, his body urged to sweat, his muscles strained in an attempt to recoil… but they didn’t! For once in his flippin’ life, he was in control. He took the reins and his body followed.   
  
He would not vomit as he did on his first date, he would not yelp when he brushed up against another human being, and he didn’t! He was so excited and scared and invigorated and terrified and hopeful and full of despair, but so far so good! He was terrified that at any moment they would learn he was a fraud. That he was just some dweeb dumb enough to listen to his deadbeat friend always looking for a quick get rich scheme. Schemes he always fell for.   
  
Every single time he bought into the stupid empathetic… bullshit. Hah! He cursed! Jerry had never even done that before! It was only in his head, but it was a start, and damn, it felt good. He just did it again! He wondered if this is what drugs feel like, or se.. nope! He was NOT ready to say that word, not even in his head.  
  
Just like all those other times, he bought into his friend’s scheme. He had told him “you will finally have a chance to play that big role you wanted. Also, religions don’t have to pay taxes.”   
  
“Just property tax,” Jerry had responded.  
  
“Still, think of how much you spend on property tax,” His friend had replied.   
  
“I live in my mother’s basement,” Jerry had answered.  
  
“Then how much your mother spends.”   
  
“Uh.. you know I can’t do math under pressure.”  
  
“Look, fine, whatever, but still, you see how much money fills up in those uh.. weird baskets the priests hold out at church for people to put money in, we’ll be loaded!”   
  
“I don’t think that’s what religion is about, cults maybe.”   
  
“Call it what you want, this is your one chance to get to play the greatest role of your life and get paid for it, and didn’t your mother say you needed to find religion?”  
  
“Everyone is saying that, but I think they mean that I need to look to some higher power instead of you.”  
  
“Also, I won’t tell anyone about the Hippo incident,” his friend had said.  
  
Jerry had sighed, conceding, “Ugh.. fine.”   
  
Jerry soon realized that they could go to jail for this, and that terrified him. He almost booked it right there and then, rushing back to his mother’s basement and curling up in a terrified little ball of shame and allergies.   
  
But no, not this time, he spoke all the stuff that his friend wrote about salvation. Then, when the audience started to dwindle, he went off-script. Jerry was a rebel! Ha! If only his mother could see him now! Well, considering that he was running a cult, proud not be the right word, but he was taking control of his life for once. And maybe, just maybe, he could help these cultists take control of their lives too. He wasn’t just an actor, he was destined to do this. He was salvation, he was hope, he was a prophet!