I stared at the vampire in front of me. I should have been scared. I was looking at a creature that could kill me with little effort. But I wasn't. I was more annoyed than anything.



"Why aren't you scared?" he asked, his eyes gleaming. "I'm a vampire— I could kill you!"



"So could literally every other human, you're not special," I said, rolling my eyes.



I was done being pushed around by them. I was done with the way they treated us. I was done with the way they acted like they owned us.



"I'll teach you to disrespect me," he said, lunging at me.



He grabbed me, slamming me against the brick wall in the alleyway. I groaned as I banged my head against it. My vision blurred for a moment before it cleared back up to normal. His hands were around my neck, squeezing the life out of me. I could feel the oxygen being cut off from my lungs.



I could hear his heart beat in my ear from how close he was to my neck. Surely he could hear mine as well. It was pumping so fast I was surprised it didn't bust out of my chest.



I struggled against his grip but he just tightened his grip on me. I felt my vision starting to dim, and everything started to get dark. It was like my eyes were closing but I knew they weren't. Like I could see myself on the outside looking in, watching this happen to me.



I fought against the urge to close my eyes as blackness started to creep through the edges. It felt like I was falling, falling into nothing. My heart ached for a second before it stopped beating.



And then he let go.



I fell to the ground in a choking fit. I could hear his feet pounding against the pavement as he ran away from me. My skin felt cold and my heart ached. I didn't understand what was happening. I didn't understand what was going on.



My heart started beating again. It started beating like it had never stopped, like it hadn't skipped a beat.



I hurried to my feet, walking to the end of the alley and turning to look back at him. He was gone. It was like he had disappeared into thin air.



I turned, not sure what to do. I could hear my heartbeat pounding in my ears as I made my way down the street. It was as if nothing had happened. I didn't feel any different. I felt fine. 



I started laughing.



I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. It was Matt texting me, asking where the fuck I was.



...



I was staring at myself in the mirror. I had just pulled my hair into a ponytail and I was inspecting my face. I had a few blemishes on my face but otherwise, I was fine.



I touched my neck, tracing the spot where he had gripped me. I could still feel his hands on me. Why hadn't he killed me?



I shook my head, I could come up with questions later.



I walked down the stairs and towards the door, right as my mom was walking into the house.



"Hey, where are you going?" she asked.



"To get breakfast with Matt," I said, opening the door to my room.



I grabbed my keys off my desk, making my way out of the house.



I could hear my heart beating as I walked down the street, as if everything was normal. It wasn't normal, I was sure of that. I was positive of that.



I could feel his hands on me, feel his nails digging into my skin. It was like the world went away. It was like nothing else was around me except for him. Was I hallucinating? I felt like this had already happened.