Grandax slammed his fists on the table. "We _need_ to train more Sorciers! The ogres will not stop until they've burned down every village in the dominion!"

Xan sat in silence, looking around the room. The Council of Mages have convened once more to discuss the onslaught of ogres within the kingdom of Malakath. Apart from the High Mages themselves, the royal family was also in attendance—the king, queen, and their two sons: Yaldor and Xan himself.

"We don't have enough time, Grandax." Alyarh said. "By the time we finish training a platoon of Sorciers, the ogres would have already ravaged _all_ the remaining villages. We need to work with the forces we already have, thin out their numbers, then destroy the rest with colossal energy."

The king raised his voice before any of the High Mages could reply. "That is an option I will _never_ sanction, High Mage Alyarh. We're talking countless innocent lives dying from collateral damage. We need to find another way."

The king and queen sat on their thrones on the dais at the back end of the room, while the Council was split among two long tables running along the cobblestone walls. The eldest son, Prince Yaldor, sat on the left table beside High Mage Phi and High Mage Grandax. He was apprenticing under the latter, and is expected to make High Mage in five cycles' time.

Prince Xan, on the other hand, sat on his chair beside the king and queen. Unlike his elder sibling, Xan was born with a defect—he could not channel Magic. 

From the day a person is born, they are expected to be able to channel _some_ amount of Magic. However, not everyone can channel at the same level. Some people are only able to move objects telekenetically, while others are born with the ability to channel every Element of Magic. 

Xan was born with nothing. Every royal adviser encouraged the king and queen to sell him off so as not to blemish the kingdom's reputation, and every time, the king had the adviser imprisoned. He and the queen raised Xan and cared for him, training him to live in the world despite his handicap. Even if the world shunned him and showed him nothing but cruelty, his family always supported him.

"Well, what do you propose we do, your Highness?" Alyarh asked.

"The Black Slayer," the king replied.

Nervous glances were exchanged across the Council's tables. Nobody knew where the Black Slayer came from, but everyone knew how strong his magic is. He would slay monsters and ogres, one after the other, saving many lives before disappearing into the night. 

The man was an enigma to the Council of Mages. It takes a platoon of Sorciers to kill an ogre, but the Slayer is able to kill three at a time. Nobody has ever gotten a good look at him, but the Magic power needed to perform the feats he has is beyond anything the High Mages have seen before. Maybe he _was_ the hero that Malakath needed now.

The Slayer has also, however, killed a great number of Mages.

"You can't possibly be suggesting—"

"Yes," the king interrupted, "I will strike an agreement with the Black Slayer. So far, he's only killed ogres at random locations during the night. If we can get him to kill ogres at strategic locations, we will be able to end this assault before even more people die.

"The agreement will also prevent him from assassinating any more of our Mages. Whatever price he asks, I will pay it. I will ensure the safety of my kingdom at all costs."

Whispers followed. Prince Yaldor was conversing with Grandax, obviously concerned about what was just said. Xan sat still, sweat dripping from his brow.

High Mage Alyarh faced the king and queen. "Make sure the mages are safe... your Highness."

The king nodded. "I will send for the scribes and messengers. We will post notices around the kingdom summoning the Black Slayer to meet me tomorrow evening at the castle grounds. Dismissed."

Everyone stood up, bowed to the king and queen, and started leaving the room. Xan, however, sat in place.

"Are you alright, Xan?" the queen asked.

"Y-Yes, I'm fine, Mother. I just need to rest. I will be heading to my quarters."

Xan stood up and headed for his room, leaving the meeting hall behind. His head was spinning. He was overwhelmed with everything that was going on. _The Black Slayer needs to meet the king tomorrow evening._

The servants were pointedly ignoring him as he passed, making sure they didn't make eye contact. Yaldor was treated very differently, of course, but that wasn't _completely_ his fault. Joining those haughty Mages were giving him a lofty reputation among the staff.

He reached his room, locked the door behind him, and walked toward his private chest. Xan grabbed the key from his pocket, breathed in deeply, and unlocked it.

Inside lay a full black robe and two knives. _What did I get myself into?_

---

I hope you liked this story! Please feel free to leave feedback as it will help me a lot in my journey to becoming a better writer! Join r/NovaLevelStories to see more stories, author's notes, and extra content!