Gisela was a wife, was. Her ex-husband decided that he would like to pursue his love and settle comfortably with Miss Something Blond, some 20 years young than Gisela. Tired of the sadness and meaningless Germany, she took a position in Japan, taking a handkerchief passed down from her grandfather and Noah, her 12-year-old son who reacted not so different to this sudden movement.

Gisela already became something different within the company's Osaka office. Firstly was her outlook: a white European suddenly appeared at the office and was sent by HQ no less would undoubtedly invite gossips from around all the corners. Second and maybe this was Gisela's biggest standout: she was divorced. Not only that, she took her son all the way from Frankfurt to Osaka. A woman with such a background naturally became a hot topic for the younger employees. Despite all the whispers, Gisela remained focused only on her work. Even when her title was only division associate, the works that came out clothed her with an indistinguishable aura of a seasoned employee. Soon afterward, her Japanese colleagues started to consider her real Gisela-san and the questions given to her quickly turn to those that seek advises from a senior.

She was undoubtedly not a bad employee even back in Germany. But not even a division manager in Frankfurt HQ should produce such high-quality work that many while knowing yet so little about the culture and local practice in this new location. The whispers also changed as well: why would a talented woman like Gisela-san end up in a land that was so far from her home? Of course, gossips need spices, and the Osaka office quickly turned into a conspiracy theory factory. The most acceptable theory was that she had overpassed her power within the company and got caught by the wife of the boss (how ironic for Gisela to be thought like that). Nonetheless, no theory is right, because even Gisela didn't know the exact reason as well: why did she accept that offer from Frankfurt to come all the way here to buy yogurt from the orange vending machine at the entrance of this 57-floor building? She probably knew that she would choose to be anywhere not Germany, but why she had to arrange herself with so many meetings like that, she didn't know why. Walking down the streets on Umekita, she tried to drown her confusion with the sweetness and sourness of the yogurt when suddenly a scream interrupted her thoughts. Looking back, she saw a lightly-yellow hair boy and a truck that came very close into contact with him. Perhaps she was so occupied in her thoughts, that she could mutter only the word "Noah" and then, everything went dark for some time.

Gisela eventually woke up, inside a place that definitely look not like an Osakan hospital. For starters, she doubted that Japan would have a hospital to be built with only wood in the middle of this megapolis, and secondly, she saw no modern medical equipment, albeit a drawer with a bowl of water and a jar next to it. A mature lady and a career manager, she calmed her mind quickly and reassured herself to not fall into a vortex of negative thoughts. Gisela was trying to recount her memory as the door was open and 3 women walked in. A quick gaze and she realized that she definitely was in a stranger place: those girls wore some sort of comfortable white t-shirts that were buttoned properly and a yellow jacket that somehow only came to pass their breasts. They wore some sort of white tight pants and leather boots that had ropes attached to their legs. The whole outfit honored the fit and full of energy bodies of these young girls.  But of all of the strange things, two things particularly caught her eyes: one girl had a strange metallic machine that was strapped to her waist, and they all had a unified symbol of sort on their jackets. The symbol resembled of two bird wings that were intertwined with each other, one blue and one white. The symbol looked powerful, but yet so hopeful at the same time. She was focusing on the wings when one girl started to speak: "I am glad that we could find you right on time. You are safe in here. Allow me to represent 3 of us to welcome you to the Watch Out, our secret palace, and stake-out spot. My name is Lalina, and you are more than welcome to join us in this wonderful and cozy place!"

Well, what the hell, Gisela thought. Tagging along with this group was not that bad of an idea now. She had chosen to move far away from her hometown to be a salary woman in a far place; chosen to push a no related Japanese boy out of harm's way because she thought that the boy was her son. Thus, staying in a wood hut with 3 girls that could be her daughters seemed not too far of a fetch to Gisela, at least for now. She assured herself that, clenching the handkerchief that somehow still stayed by her side.