Hearing him say poison, I broke a sweat. But then he followed it with a huge laughter and patted my back. “Next time make the drink stronger. You know I like a strong whiskey.”

“Yes, milord”

“Good then, I will see you at dinner tomorrow.”

I bowed and as soon as the dinner party was out of sight I ran down the stairs to get to the cellar. I searched for the bottle, I knew it was in the cellar but where?
It was bought one night for the occasion of his birth anniversary. But where was it!?
Then I heard the voice, that cursed voice. It echoed in the cellar.
“You have done it, my child. Now begins the wait.”
“I do not want to do this. Tell me where it is. I need to know if it was used. Tell me.”

“Oh dear child, how naïve, how innocent, how weak.”

“Please, tell me. The King has been so kind to my family. I can not do this to him.”

“But it has been done. Now you wait.”

“Why me?” 

“It was you, always you.” And the voice trailed off.

Next morning I woke up in the cellar. I had sweated profusely and I was with fever. I could not get up but to my surprise, the maid was down in the cellar looking at me. 
I told her to help me and to get a glass of water.

“I’m not your slave. I will help you up and then you are on your own. I only came down because I saw the door open and a robe on the doorstep.”

“I really cannot walk. Help me get upstairs please.”

She led me upstairs and I went into the kitchen. I drank a jug of water while the cook looked at me puzzled. 

I knew something bad had happened but I could not remember. And if I told anyone they would think I was crazy. So I went upstairs and rested. I said I was feeling weak and would not be available for the rest of the day. Sleep was not my ally but today it came. I was drifting into sleep feeling as if a huge weight had been lifted off my shoulders.

When I woke up, I heard commotion. The King was back and was ready for dinner. Since I had called in sick, today was not my headache. I decided to grab dinner for myself and head back. 

Next day, I felt well. I was no longer sick nor feverish. I went down to the cellar, hoping I wouldn’t hear the voice and I didn’t. I was relieved. For weeks after that night, I did not hear the voice again. 

But then one night, the maid came rushing to my room at midnight. 
“Sir, you have to come. The King, he… he does not look well. He is…he is acting crazy.”

We ran to the King’s quarters. He was in his night robe made of red silk. His back was towards us. The Queen was sobbing and holding the bed post. She looked scared. I looked at her and I knew what I had done. 
When the King turned to me, I heard the voice again.

“My child. You have surpassed my expectations. This is phenomenal.”

The King, my King, looked like an animal. No, he looked like a werewolf. His teeth were sharp and his nails, oh I can’t tell you how beautiful those long sharp nails looked. The moon shone brightly from the window and I knew what had happened.