"Honestly Balthazar, I'm trying to work! Go back to warming the oven! Go on, git!" I  say, fluttering my apron at the dragon in exasperation. He sulks away to hide in the fire with the hearth salamander.

"Whew, I do apologize about that, he's in a growth spurt and trying to test me. Now, what can I do for you?"

I wipe my forehead with the back of my arm as I turn back to the customers at the booth I keep out front of the house. Thankfully they hadn't run when Balthazar came huffing from under the porch.

"Oh goodness, where did you get that dragon?" one gentleman asks while his friend chose a couple of tomatoes and a meatpie. 

"Hatched from one of my chicken's eggs strangely enough. And because none of the brats want to lay in the house I have no idea which of them did it, though Helga is looking rather smug recently. I don't know much about dragons, but he seems to be a northern fang. I hope so, my mule is getting old and I'm hoping he can take over the plow when he's big enough." I puff up with pride as I add, "Already got him taking the harness and pulling old stumps out of the ground."

The man chuckles and chats with his friend a moment, picking out a few more pieces of produce and bakery items, when a boy barely old enough to grow facial hair comes barreling up the drive and waves a rusty sword at me.

I'm about to tell him off for a fool when my new friend turns round and cuffs him on the back of the head. The boy drops his sword and holds his welt.

"Now what do you think you're doing here young man, bothering this nice woman and interrupting our shopping?"

The boy's lip quivers before he points a finger at me, "She's a witch and she's evil! She's got a dragon and a started a cult and everything! I'm from the town over and we've been trying to get rid of her for months!"

"Oh bollocks! This woman isn't any more evil than you are, now take your weapon and scat!"

He shoos off the boy and comes back as I'm packing up his basket. 

"Much appreciated. I thought I was done fighting when I retired, but these locals of mine are funny in the head sometimes," I  say, tucking in a pair of sweets with a wink.

The quiet one asks, "What was that about a cult?" 

I roll my eyes. "I didn't start the cult, the cult started itself and found me. It's half a dozen wanderers that think my dragon means I'm some kind of prophecy in the making. I don't complain too much; I keep them busy mucking the stalls and in the garden so they don't cause any trouble. He laughs, like stones grinding in his chest and snatches the free sweet I put in the basket before wandering off down the drive.

The man I was chatting with originally smiles and puts the basket on his hip.

"Thank you for the fresh produce by the way. We just moved into the house at the back of your property and were wandering around to get familiar with the area."

"You're always welcome back. Maybe we can plan for dinner one night. Oh, and there's an old flesheater that lives under your shed porch. He keeps to himself but he likes plums. I have a tree back there you're welcome to take from for him."

"We were wondering what that was, thank you. And we'd love to come back by for dinner. Have a nice day."

I smile and wave, the curse as Balthazar runs past, almost knocking me over, to puff up and growl at the men as they're leaving.