I knew that there were three people in the farm house before I even knocked on the door. I smelled them.
  
I had been on the monster hunting business for most of my life which, I can say, it was fairly long. It was not a job I chose by myself, but my situation made me an ideal candidate for the position and, to be honest, I ended up enjoying it. Certainly I had been trained to hunt down vampires, werewolves and the sorts, however nowadays my obligations were far less violent. At least, usually. I wasn’t certain how that job was going to end, and a part of me wished that it would end violently. I can control myself, of course, but violence is in my nature, I cannot help it.

A man opened the door just a few centimeters, enough to look at me. “What do you want?”

I immediately noticed the scars on that man’s face. Claws. “Are you Blackhunter42?”. The man asked me who I was and what did I want. “I’m here to help you with your monster situation. My name is Marcel Dunal.”

“Are you armed?”, he asked. To be honest, I think he was more surprised with the fact that I was french rather than being there to help him with his request to hunt down a werewolf. I told him I wasn’t. “Come in, don’t do any funny business”

The house was old, dusty and very humid. Planks had been hammered to the windows, and the main door was shut with heavy doors. The interior was dimly illuminated with some electrical lights and candles, as if the residents were afraid to call attention upon themselves. I supposed that was the case. We walked into the kitchen, which was big and once had been the central point of a vibrant family home. However, at that point, it was dark and sad. A man and a woman were sitting around a table and looked at me; over the table, there were three knifes, a shotgun and two crossbows. I recognized the shine of silver in some of the weapons and, judging by the crude manufacture, they had been forged by novices. Probably themselves.

“Guys, this is Marcel Dunal, the one who answered our post. These are James, Jessica and I’m Andy. I would like you to tell us why you think we are here, I know we stated that on the forum’s post, but just to be certain we are on the same page.”
  
“You want to hunt down a werewolf”, I said plainly as I sat on a chair next to the table. “The main question is ‘why’.”
  
“Why? Because they are monsters!”, the man called James answered. “They maim and kill as they see fit, and one has been seen nearby! We want it dead!”
  
I had a good look on James as he stood up. Deep beard, he clenched his teeth as he talked and his muscles were tense, as if ready to attack. His eyes were bright blue, which was a contrast in comparison with his dark skin and hair. “How do you know there is a werewolf in this area? They tend to hide very well.”
  
“We… saw it time ago”, Jessica said. “Some people died, and now some neighbors have seen a… ‘very big wolf’ and cattle have been attacked. It’s the same that happened then, we don’t want to wait until people die again”.

“I see he did attack you”, I pointed, signaling to Andy’s scars. “How did you survive?”.

“He did not attack me. I got those… somewhere else”.

There was a rather tense silence. I smiled. “How about we start being honest, huh?”, I asked. “I am a monster hunter, indeed, but I’m here to stop you from doing something stupid.”

“What…? What do you mean?”

“I mean, if you try to go after a werewolf, you will all end up dead”. I saw Jessica slowly reach for a crossbow. “Please, don’t do that. I am not your enemy, but I will defend myself. Allow me to explain you the reality of the world you are living in”.

“This is bullsh…!”

Just as Andy yelled that, and before he even managed to reach the concealed pistol he had on his back, the table cracked and bent under my arm. All three of them stood up, looking at me, terrified. Only James seemed to be calculating the best way to take me down. “As I was saying: I am not your enemy, but I will certainly defend myself. Please refrain yourselves from reaching your weapons and allow me to explain”. They eventually did stop long enough to listen to my words. “What you must understand is that werewolves, when properly medicated, are no different from humans. Most of them are good folks who just want to live their life in peace. Others, just as humans, are evil. Some of them can become assassins, just as humans have serial killers or rapists.”

“I don’t believe you!”, yelled James, “but even if I did, that one IS evil! He killed many people!”

“I agree, and I will take care of him. However, you three, will get killed if you try to hunt him down. You have no chances against a fully grown and trained werewolf.”

“We will hunt him down”, repeated James. From the corner of my eye, I saw how Jessica and Andy reached weapons on their belts. “You cannot stop us.”

“Trust me, James: I can. Don’t do something foolish.”

As James motioned to jump over me, and as Andy and Jessica pulled out their guns, the world seemed to slow down in my eyes. I threw a piece of the table to Andy. I took a step back and dodged Jessica’s bullet and I raised a hand to grab James as he leapt over me: I could see the fangs growing in his jaw, his eyes colour changing to a bright ambarine tone, and hair grew all over his face. But I could see the fear in his eyes when he realized that my hand had become a sharp claw, that I had grown in size and that my facial features had mixed with the ones of a wolf. I took him closer to my face, and Jessica didn’t dare to shoot and risk hitting his friend. “I. Am. Not. Your. Enemy” I growled, and finally put him down. “I will not warn you again: next time I will kill you all”, I receded my transformation, becoming again the human I once was, “throw your weapons and you, James, take a deep breath and calm down.”

It didn’t take long for Andy and Jessica to comply. James took longer to manage to control his anger. “When were you infected, James?”

“Two years ago”, he said. “When that monster terrorized this town”.

“Damn. I am sorry. Usually, when a werewolf loses control and infects someone, they take responsibility: they explain what has happened, what to expect, and different ways to control the symptoms. I am so sorry you three had to deal with that on your own. However, the werewolf that attacked you is a criminal, a serial killer. We have been following his trail for years and now, thanks to you, we have found him. But tonight, you are going to stay here”. I produced a box of tablets from my pocket and handed it to James. “Take one of these now and then every night until five days after full moon. You will still transform, but you will retain control of your actions and not injure your friends anymore” I added, looking towards Andy. “When this is done I will send some agents to you so you can learn all the details of being a werewolf. Trust me, you can have a mostly normal life, James.”

“Wait… if you kill it, will I…?”

“Be free of the curse?”, I said. “No, it doesn’t work that way, I’m sorry. Remember: do not get out of the house until sunrise.
  
I left the farm house and rapidly got off road to walk to a nearby hill. I followed a faint scent of lavender until I reached a few trees. “They are good, just three scared kids”. 

Lucinda decided to show herself at that moment. She was a pale woman, wearing tactical camouflage fatigues, but she was literally invisible until she decided she didn’t need to be anymore. She took her sniper rifle, a Barrett M107mm modified to use armor piercing and explosive ammo. She did handle the weapon as easily as if it had been an assault rifle, perks of vampire’s supernatural strength. “I was about to fire when he almost transformed, but I knew you had it under control”. Lucinda was a perfect sniper also because she was gifted with some sort of thermal vision that allowed her to see through most surfaces. Even inside a barred out building, I knew she was covering me at all times. “So, what’s the plan?”

“We go hunting. Really hunting this time. Feinmann must be taken down”.

“Hell” she said, as she checked her weapon, “it’s about time”.