My first night sleeping in my new apartment went great. No wierd noises, no loud traffic outside, no obnoxious neighbors. In the morning the sunlight hit me in the face and smacked me out of sleep, but I actually felt well rested, so I flipped it off and went to get ready for the day. I was pretty sure one of my bathroom boxes was still in the kitchen so I went to grab it. 

There was no kitchen on the other side of my door. There was no living room, no hallway, no boxes. There was a black abyss and in the distance a faint glowing fog like the loading screen to a video game. 

Yeah, nope.

I panic for a while, opening and shutting my door, pacing back and forth, hiding under my covers like a child. I try to climb out my window, but when I open it there is only darkness. I shut it and still see the park across the street and the annoying sun, but opening reveals the void once more.

I start to get hungry. I want to cry and start to panic before I remember the mini fridge. It’s partially hidden behind a few boxes of clothes by the closet. I open it and find a few warm water bottles and sodas, a box of granola bars I’d thrown inside and some chocolate chips. 

It won’t last.

I grab a water bottle and a handful of chips and sit on my bed, pulling my laptop to me. At least I could type offline and leave behind a journal for if someone found me. To my surprise there’s a WiFi connection. 

Sending emails gets me no response. 

My stomach twinges in hunger but I want food to last, so I distract myself with a game. Steam opens easily and I load up The Forgotten City. There’s one ending I haven’t found yet, and I waste time collecting gold before I talk to Priestess. I groan as the world attacks me, and I race to the shrine of Prosperpina. 

I stretch and check the door again while my PC slowly loads the next run. To my surprise the world outside exists! It’s not my apartment, but there’s light and plants and horror dawns on me as I recognize where I am.

I can’t shut the door fast enough as the statues turn to look at me when I blink. 

My computer takes too long to close the game. I spend every second waiting for the sound of screams as statues come alive. 

I check my game library. Raft is depressing, 7 Days to Die sounds awful. Don’t Starve Together even worse. Destiny 2 is tempting, but I can’t recall seeing food. 

I hover between Haven and Red Dead Redemption for a bit, before deciding I’ve never died in Haven. I step through my door into a world of floating islands, tall grass tickling my legs. I step towards an alien fruit tree and pick a red apple like plant, rubbing its skin on my forearm and waiting for a reaction. None is forthcoming, so I take a small bite. Flavor splashed over my tongue and I hold myself back from eating more, waiting to make sure my stomach can handle it. I pick more as I wait, idly eating a granola bar I brought with. I can see the door on top of the hill, open and showing my new bedroom, useless window and all.

I can work with this.

Edit: Fixed spelling errors