The first time it happened, I was dead asleep.

I was a kid at the time, around nine or ten. My mother was no longer in the house, and my dad worked late into the night on weekends. The only ones in the house were me, and my babysitter, who was sitting in my parent’s room doing homework with her headphones on, like always.

I went to sleep earlier than usual that night- school had worn me out, I guess. Then, around nine, I woke up to tapping sounds at my bedroom door. Thinking it was just my babysitter coming to check on me, I shouted groggily, “Come in!”

No reply. Just another set of knocks, similar to the last, both in rhythm and noise level.

I sighed. Was she just trying to annoy me? 

“Heidi, you know I’m in here. Stop knocking and just come in if you have something to say.”

Then, I heard a third sequence of knocks.

“Are you TRYING to get me out of bed?” I shouted, and headed towards the door. I turned the knob, and on the other side of the door stood a little girl, who wearing a scarecrow costume and holding a candy bucket.

“Um…h-hello,” I stuttered, incredibly confused. Who was this girl? More importantly, how did she get into the house?

She didn’t say a word. She just pushed her candy bucket out towards me, gesturing for me to hand her some candy.

“Oh, well, I don’t have any candy…”

She pointed to a small chocolate on my bedside table, and frowned at me, like she was disappointed that I was lying to her.

“Oh, I’m sorry. I forgot I had that there. Are you okay with it?”

She nodded happily and ran over to grab the chocolate bit. She unwrapped it in a flash and shoved it in her mouth gleefully.

“Did you like it?” I asked her.

She bobbed her head up and down at a speedy pace, then walked back towards my door. She stopped at the doorway and put her right hand on the doorknob, and waved at me with her left.

“W-wait, where are you-“

She shut the door before I could get another word in. When I opened it again, she was gone. The only thing left in her place was a chocolate wrapper, with the words, “Thank you!” written on it. I picked it up, walked back in her room, and placed it on my bedside table where the chocolate was. I hoped she would come back again, but I never expected her to come back every month.

(I’m sorry if it’s bad! I’m a beginner writer, and I’m trying to get better. Also, I didn’t want it to be too long)