"What are you doing here?" The shout rose over the sound of a dragon roar. Wind whistled around me as its wings took it into the air. In a few seconds, it would be back, into the attack. The mercenary that had yelled at me was brandishing his sword at the dragon.   
"Go back to your shop, old woman. We will handle this mighty foe." That voice was quieter, and when I looked to my left, there was a strange sort of man, all covered in dusty robes, balancing a book in one hand and drawing a strange symbol with his other. I had seen his kind in my shop before. A wizard.   
Setting my pack on the ground, I tsked at him. It was a large bag, but most of the inside was taken up by a large blue oblong shape, surrounded my multiple smaller artifacts. Rummaging around in it, I pulled out a charming heart necklace that had been one of my most recent acquisitions. In one smooth motion, I flipped it over his head. As soon as it landed on his chest, the wizard fell to the ground as if unconscious. Huh. That may have been the wrong necklace. Ah well, fewer distractions. It was sometimes so difficult to keep track of everything people sold you over the years.   
The man with the sword had come over as soon as his companion fell, shouting horrible things. Reaching again into my bag, I grabbed a small perfume bottle. This one I was fairly sure of what it did. Or was it the green one that did that? I sprayed a hefty cloud in the swordsman's face. Instantly it changed, growing relaxed and oddly slack.   
"How could I ever be angry at you? Oh, I'm sorry for all the horrible things I said. I love you." He drooled. Bugger. That was the wrong bottle.   
"Well, you just stay there then. Keep out of the way." I said. Nodding happily he moved the side of his wizard friend.   
Above us, the dragon roared, and I reached into my bag a third time, this time grabbing the oblong object. When someone had sold me this, I knew it held trouble. Pulling it out, I trotted a little away from the two men, holding it above my head. There was a loud thump as the dragon landed only two feet away.  
"Human. Give me that."  
"Only if you promise to stop throwing such a temper tantrum. And leave this place alone." I tried to envision the dragon as a small lizard. People seemed to feel it when you did that to them, it made them feel small.  Hopefully, it would work on such a fearsome beast. The dragon hung its head a little. Success!  
"Very well." It reached out for the egg, for that was what I had.   
"Uh,uh, uh." I wagged my finger at it. "Not until you give me proof that you will go away. A horn might do it..." Frustrated, the dragon sliced off one of its horns, just above the scaly skin. It tossed it just short of my feet.   
"Now, was that so hard? Here you go." I tutted, handing over the egg.   
Watching the dragon fly away, I picked up the horn, secreting it into my pack. Turning to the two men, I motioned for the swordsman to pick up his friend.   
"Let's go back to the city, and get him some help." Completely compliant, the swordsman gathered him up grinning at me like an eager puppy. The effects of the love spray would wear off soon, I hoped. It was not fun having someone completely under your control.   
Together, we set off for the city. Hopefully, we'd make it before the shops closed. I knew exactly how much a blue dragon horn was worth, and this quest was nothing compared to a good bargaining session. Though I must say, I never realized how much fun it was to go out and get the products yourself. Quite an adventure.