“I must say in only 6 months you have exceeded my expectations.”  
“Thank you” said Julian before charging forwards.   
He sliced down his blade so fast the wind whistled right at my head but I parried it easily with my own blade before pushing him back. Our blades danced in the candlelight of the fighting hall. The only sounds that could be heard were the clashing of swords, heavy breathing and the clinking of armour.  
I smirked, “You think an attack like that will hurt me.”  
” Let me show you how it’s done.”  
I dashed forward, the ground cracking under my feet.  
Julian’s eyes widened in surprise at my increase in speed but remained calm.   
I aimed for his shoulder but at the last moment shifted my weight and punched him right in the stomach with my fist. Julian doubled over clutching his stomach, wheezing and gasping for breath.  
“That’s- that’s dirty!”  He said in between breaths.   
“Do you think your enemy will show you mercy on the battlefield?”  
I sat on the floor cross-legged.   
“You have done well, but now it’s time for the final test”  
Julian nodded.   
He stood straight and extended his sword.He closed his eyes and was completely still. I opened my second eyelids and could  see his magical energy rising. The blade began to hum. Sparks began to surface on his blade. White hot Lightning erupted from his blade scorching the ground and crackling the air.   
“Good, good.” I nodded. “Now onto the next stage.”  
Sweat was pouring down Julian’s face.  
His face curled in effort and with a last shout the lightning turned black. The very air seemed to burn and on the ground wherever the lightning struck it turned into lava.   
“And stop!”   
Julian stopped the spell and the lightning died down.   
I couldn’t help but feel a bit of pride when he first came. He was nothing but a skinny little boy who didn’t even know how to hold a sword but look at him now.   
I walked up to him. “You did it.”  
“Yeah” said Julian out of breath.   
“Well, I think I’m done. I must return back to mount Eldritch but you may stay until the morning.”  I sheath my sword and walk towards the exit.   
“Wait !” Said Julian stumbling forwards.. “I have to thank you one last time! You saved me and you trained me, both me and my family are forever in your debt”  
“I turned towards him. “You can repay me by rescuing your family, I’m sure they’re tired of being hostages by now.”  
Julian nodded. “Okay, if that is what you wish.”  
I opened the thick stone door to the outside forest.   
I turned my head one last time into the room.   
“Hey Julian””   
He looked up.  
I raised my fist.   
“Those devunites won’t know what hit them!” I said grinning before closing the door with a boom.  
   
If you're interested in more stories check out r/Shrike_Stories