“It’s too many names.”  
  
Hael leaned closer, “no… you got to be kidding me. You can never have too many names.”  
  
“Yes!” Raelin exclaimed, “that’s what I thought! But then I got the secretary job and…”  
  
Hael blinked, “sorry, I have to stop you there. What’s a secretary?”  
  
Raelin chuckled, “apologies, I’m almost too adapted to human terminology at this point. You know how kings have advisors to ease the load of their job and have them carry out tasks and stuff? It’s like that.”  
  
“So you work for kings?”  
  
“Kings of capitalism. They don’t have royal blood or anything, but they’re just as rich.”  
  
“Wow! What’s this capitalism? Is it a new kind of magic?”  
  
“You know how we exchange names? Humans do the same thing with money. That system is called capitalism.”  
  
“I’ve heard of money before, isn’t it metal? That stuff is dangerous to us.”  
  
“They mostly use paper now, or crypto.”  
  
“Crypto?”  
  
“Don’t make me explain it. There are just lots of other ways, is all.”  
  
“Wow… wait… what were we talking about again?”  
  
“My job. It’s too many names. It’s exhausting. I even forget sometimes, or mix up names and schedule the wrong meeting.”  
  
“You have so much name wealth that it's a burden?”  
  
“Yeah, I mean, what am I going to do with them all?”  
  
“You could share the wealth…”  
  
“Oh! Hael, you’re brilliant! Currently, fae are limited in their advancements because we spend all our time mining for names, but if we could set aside only a small portion of the fae populus to obtain names the rest can do other things and exchange those goods and services for the existing name currency!”  
  
“Oh, I meant just to me.”  
  
“Ah… well, you’re still brilliant. Don’t worry, I’ll still give you a nice sum, but we have a chance to change the fae system for good, make it more like the human one which has a lot more freedom. Hael, didn’t you always say you wanted to be a painter?”  
  
“Yeah, but…”  
  
“But, with this new system, you’ll be able to! You’ll actually be able to receive names for your artistic passion!”  
  
“Really? This system sounds too good to be true, I couldn’t imagine such was possible from those puny humans.”  
  
Raelin smirked, “neither did I, but lo and behold! So, Hael, will you help me change fae society for the better?”  
  
Hael grinned, “I’m in.”