Conner looked at the gigantic thunderstorm that was slowly approaching towards them and tightened his grip on his sword. "Well, everyone, I don't think any of us expected to go out like this, but I wanted to know it's been a honor fighting alongside you all."

Richard laughed as his clothes stretched and pulsed in a strange rhythm. "Same here. Well, at least, we get to go out in a blaze of glory," he said in a distorted voice.

Melissa grinned. Where her eyes had used to be, there were now two bloody sapphires that she had crammed into her own skull. "Even if we're not getting out of this fight alive, let's make that disgusting thing suffer for every moment of it."

Sarah glared up at the storm. "Let's show this so called god exactly how powerful humanity can be." She would have said more, but with every word she spoke, she could feel her organs contorting in agony. It was taking all her strength to hold herself together.

Without warning, a massive burst of lightning hit the ground in front of her, sending dust storms in all directions. The four members of the group quickly covered their faces and fought to keep their balance against the huge gusts of wind. As the smoke cleared, they saw their opponent in front of them.

It was massive, a mountain of black oily flesh covered in hundreds of eyes and mouths. Long black tentacles with sharp bone spikes flailed through the air as its multiple eyes gazed scornfully at the four humans in front of it. "I see that you've enhanced your bodies, mortals," it spoke in a guttural voice. "But it changes nothing. Now, perish!" A massive gaping orifice appeared on its body as several lightning bolts exploded out of its body. There was a loud crackling sound as the lightning struck the group while the god laughed maniacally. These fools actually believed...its laughter cut off abruptly. What?! They were unharmed?! Impossible!

Conner grinned as he held up his sword. The blade had absorbed every last bolt of the lightning and now crackled with blue electricity. "My turn." He sprinted at the god so fast that he was practically a blur, slicing at the dozens of tentacles that lashed out against him as he leaped through the air. Connor clenched his teeth in pain as he could feel the blade burning in his hand the longer he used it. Just a few more minutes, he thought.

The god shrieked in pain as it futilely tried to kill the human that was bounding and leaping over its tentacles with ease. How?! How could any human possibly move this fast?! Hundreds of more eyes appeared on its body as it tried to keep up with Conner's movements, only to rapidly explode one after the other in a burst of blood. What?!

"Remember me?" a distorted voice called out. "I was the one you called a pathetic insect." The god glanced at its side to see a masked figure casually approaching towards it. With one sharp swing, the god smashed the human with one of its tentacles with a twisted glee. But to its horror, the tentacle didn't make contact with any flesh.

The human known as Richard was no more. Now, there was only a hive mind of millions of wasps in its place. The vast number of wasps swarmed every inch of the god's body,  popping every eye that the god possessed and injecting their deadly venom within.

The god screamed in agony as its flesh burned. "Do you have any idea how many people I've killed, how many souls I've consumed?! You pathetic creatures can never hope to kill me!" As it spoke, thousands of undead warriors began crawling out of its mouths and taking flight, all of them dead set on devouring the four mortals.