"Okay, now try jumping from one table to another table."

"You're fricking kidding me. These tables are at least 10 feet apart. Why the hell are you two telling me to do this!?"

"Listen Richter, you know that we got hella drunk and it was all an accident. But what's done is done. Listen to what Sylvie said and jump from table to the next."

"God I hate you two." Richter clenched his fists and shook his head, looking at the giant gap between the two tables. He took a step back and ran forward - but stopped before even attempting a jump."

"Ugh, of all the people I wanted to bite and turn into my minion, I had to choose him." Sylvie rolled her eyes as Richter continued the dance back and forth on the table. "Lucy, why did you make this same mistake as I?"

Taking off her sunglasses to look down and away from the dancer, "Dunno, he just looked fun and interesting. Then again, we both have pretty bad tastes in men."

"Yeah, about that. Who would have thought that the two princesses who were supposed to inherit the power to control their own kin would both be disowned." Sylvie took the pencil on the table and marked a piece of paper. "That makes 10 times now. How much you want to bet that he'll actually jump on or before attempt number 20?"

"Before. A cheese pizza with a side of garlic bread?"

"Little Kaisers? You're on."

Richter was huffing by this point. "God I hate you two."

"Yeah yeah, just jump. Hey Lucy, do you think your bite caused him to huff and puff like the big bad wolf?"

"That's asthma. No way he gets that from a bite. Oh wait, here he goes."

Richter took three large steps, body headed towards the edge of the table - and he slipped, falling onto the pavement below. "Mai gnose." He started to cry.

"Pizza's mine. That was...13?"

"Yeah, you win. Let's go see how he is."

The girls approached Richter and squatted down to see the mangled face.

"Sylvie, got your pen?"

"Yup, tell me what you see."

"Nose is broken, but is healing itself in front of our eyes. He has half a chipped tooth on the floor but the teeth is regenerating itself. All evidence of bleeding on his face are disappearing."

"So, we can eliminate super human leg strength and the ability to sprout wings as possible side effects. But we now know that he can heal like that comic book character."

"Can we please stop now? We've gone into four churches, tried stabbing me in the heart with a stake, tried to make me drink liquid silver, had mountain lions chase me, and I nearly got mauled to death because I couldn't climb up a tree. What else do you want?" Richter was ... broken.

"Well Luce, what do you think?"

"I still want to try having him find some treasure I buried in the sand again. Last time I used fake land mines and he was able to identify 6 out of 7 locations correctly. I'm close to saying he's got a good nose now, but I still want another test."

"Same. I want to lock him up in that pitch black tent again and see if he can get through the maze. I noticed that after he cried each time, he would be able to move a bit further ahead. Sort of like...echolocation. Okay, I'll tell you what." Sylvie put down the pen and paper. Hands on Richter's back, she lifted him up. "Our preliminary conclusions are as follows, you'd make a great security guard. You can get the crap beaten out of you with no real side effects and you have super human detection."

"For now, that's what we think. You go home now. But come back tomorrow. We'll test to see if you're also immune to the cold and if you can command fellow kin."

Richter crouched down and hugged his legs once more. "Why? Why can't we just stop already?" Tears strewn down his face.

"Sweetie, it's because we love you. And we want you to be able to stand up to all the bullies that might try to hurt you in the future." Sylvie smiled down at the disheveled face.

"Really?" A glimmer of hope. An iota of light.

"No. We're just messing with you. See you tomorrow." Lucy slapped Richter on his back. "I want my pizza. Let's go."

"Seeya kiddo." Sylvie got up and helped Lucy up. "Hey um, Richter, want to join us for pizza?"