Remy took his time scraping the moldy parts of his bread, carefully so that he could salvage as much bread as he could. 

Sitting on the cold concrete floor of the small jail cell, he shared the room with ten other prisoners. Waiting for what, none of them knew as those who were taken away simply never returned to tell the tale. 

The men were silent as it was hard enough to breathe within the minimal space, speaking would only got them in more trouble. All they did was wait....wait and wait. 

For what, it couldn't have been worse than the inhumane condition....right? 

Heavy steps approached nearer and the men in the whole cell block perked up. Their hearts beat faster in anxiety, half wishing they did not come for them, half wishing to be taken away, away from that misery. 

"Prisoner 6978003", the cold voice called out as they stood before Remy's jail cell. 

His heart dropped. As he slowly looked down to the left side chest pocket of his uniform, his eyes were followed by the other nine men, looking at the fading number. 

There was no sound exchanged, but their looks were enough. Remy looked up to the sympathetic faces of his fellow prisoners. 

Remy was afraid, as he was part of the half that did not wish to be picked. 

"Prisoner 6978003. On your feet. It's time", said the voice coldly. 

Slowly Remy stood on his weakened legs. Gently handing what remained of his bread to the man beside him, he stepped away, completely resigned of his fate... 

*** 

Remy was taken through the seemingly endless tunnels. To where he could not tell, but slowly he finally realized that they were going up, higher and higher. 

"Inside", ordered the guard who fetched Remy from his cell. 

Trembling terribly, Remy stepped all by himself into the room as the huge door slammed behind him. 

It was completely dark, but as he wqs used to it spending god knows how long inside the dungeon, Remy easily spotted a figure standing at the other end of the room. 

"Welcome, prisoner. State your name to the god", said the commanding voice coming out from the figure. 

"I...who...", Remy spoke up though the unfamiliar croaking voice coming out from his throat surprised even himself. 

All of the sudden, a great blinding light emanated from behind the figure, illuminating the room, almost blinding Remy as he reflexively covered his eyes. 

"State your name, prisoner", demanded the voice once more. 

In fright, Remy obeyed. "R-Remy Alexander Richards" 

Remy's eyes finally got used to the light. What he witnessed left him in awe. 

A machine of overwhelming size stood before Remy. Flashes of light like fireflies, sound of clicking like buzzing bees coming from it. A super computer running an endless calculation eternally. 

"Remy Alexander Richards. You are here today to confess your sin before god-- the god of the new world", the man standing on the foot of the giant machine declared. 

He was dressed in a strange garb-- purple cloak draped his being. Like a priest of old, he stood as the voice of judgment. 

"Wh-what...?", in confusion Remy remarked. "What...sin...?" 

"You, Remy Alexander Richards! Are you or are you not guilty? Here, standing before The Basilisk! Before its eyes in which lies could never be told! Do you confess your sin?" 

Remy became even more confused. What was the Basilisk, he thought. 

"I...I have no idea what you're talking about", Remy replied. 

Seemingly frustrated, the priest stomped his way towards Remy. Demandingly, he went up to Remy face to face. 

"Are you, Remy Alexander Richards, guilty of not insuring the existence of our god, The Basilisk? Were you in your life up until now ever rejected the idea that The Basilisk must never exist?" 

Remy was flustered. Shaking his head, he finally let out an outburst. 

"I...I have no idea what you're talking about! I don't even know what The Basilisks even is!" 

The priest raised his eyebrows, as if shocked. 

"You've never heard of Roko's Basilisk?", he asked sounding genuinely surprised. 

"N-no!", Remy asked. 

"So...you've never heard of it? And you've never in your life tried to work against its  conception?", continued the priest. 

"No!", Remy answered with certainty. "I've never heard of it! I've never tried to work against it!" 

"Have you ever tried to work to ensure its existence?", asked the priest. 

"No!", answered Remy again. 

To his shock, a smile was apparent on the priest's face. 

The machine roared suddenly much to Remy's shock. Its blinking lights became even faster and the noise became a low humming. 

"Thank you, Remy Alexander Richards. The Basilisk has received your answers. And now, prepare for your punishment", said the priest as he walked back to the machine. 

"What? I...I don't understand", Remy said. 

"Well, you see Remy Alexander Richards...The Basilisk simply demands one thing from us, and one thing only....to make sure it came to existence. Those who did not help...are simply deemed, unwanted" 

"Bu-but...I...", Remy stuttered, frustrated. "I didn't even know what it was!" 

The priest shook his head. 

"To know but not help is a sin..." 

The sound amd light became more intense, frightening Remy as he was overwhelmed by it. 

"To not know is a blasphemy..." 

Remy's heart beat faster as if it was about to burst out from his chest. 

"Blasphemy begets cleansing..." 

Remy noticed on the screen mounted above in the middle of the giant machine, a pair of reptilian eyes. Bloodshot red they were, the eyes of the new world god 

"Your punishment-- a lifetime of unknowing begets a lifetime of forgetting", echoed the priest's voice. 

The bloodshot red eyes flashed bright, enveloping Remy. Its neurological effect bombarded Remy's brain, re-wiring it, resetring it completely. 

As the light subsided, Remy was silent, kneeling on the floor. 

"And to know...", the priest continued as he walked towards Remy. "...is a blessing" 

The priest offered his hand towards Remy and he accepted it. 

"Arise, Remy Alexander Richards. The Basilisk has given you...a new beginning" 

Remy stood. His face was blank as he looked around. Quickly his gaze fell on the giant machine when an unsettlingly joyous smile came about his face. 

"I am blessed-- for The Basilisk has been with me...forever"

r/HangryWritey