My first reaction to finding out my door no longer lead to anywhere was "Oh, I'm dreaming." It was weird that I had a dream so lucid, but it was the most likely outcome. How else do you explain why my room seemed to be floating in the middle of a black void. Or it could be a large black room. There was definitely ground outside, but no walls, I don't think. I tried walking out to explore, but not only was there nothing, but the nothing stretched so far I almost lost track of my room. 

The panic attack I had after was what convinced me that this was real. Thankfully I found my room again and I was determined to stay there until my room magically returned to reality. I mostly tried to ration out my food and water situation,  improvised a bathroom, cried and slept. It was weird that I had electricity in my room, but not Internet or satellite connection. Not even my phone could tell me the date, just the time. 

After the second day, the pure silence was driving me mad. With no TV and getting tired of the games on my phone, I tried to ignore my hunger and thirst by playing Fire Emblem. 

It took me a while to notice that something was different. I looked up, but nothing in my room has changed, nothing was moved or missing. It just feels like normal afternoon...

Light. There was light shining through my window? After two days!?

I quickly looked out, and saw trees, and people and...was that a castle turret? 

I did a triple take. This couldn't be happening. First the void, now a medieval courtyard. I numbly walked over to the door and swung it open. Yep, it's a courtyard. Or a garden? It certainly wasn't my living room. But it was familar. 

As I walked out, I saw some people all the way at the other end, sitting a chatting with one another. And I immediately recognize their uniform. 

Once again, I found myself wondering if this was all some stupid lucid dream brought on by gaming addiction, which I didn't even have. But what other explanation could there be? Without really thinking, I shouted hey in there direction. A few of the students turned and went rigid. Clearly, I was an outsider. One that wasn't where they ought to me. 

"Nevermind," I shout as I quickly ran back into my room, happy that I installed a doorknob with a lock when I moved in. Then again, can a measly lock stop a handful of trained knights? 

Then I looked at my switch, which I hadn't let go of all this time, like a security blanket. I hadn't touched the damn thing until today, but what are the chances....

There was a loud banging at my door, followed by shouting. I've closed a game faster. The moment I hit the home screen,  my room was dark again. I took a cautious peek out my door, it saw I was in the void again. 

After that, I was afraid to do anything with my switch. I mostly just read and reread books and played movies without really watching them. But one can only read so much before running out of food. My stash of hot chips, peanuts and candy had nearly been exhausted and I had no soda and only one bottle of water left. 

It's been nearly nine days (I think) and I needed to find a way to either procure more food, or get home, and right now, the former was easier to do. 

I scrolled through my Switch library, trying to find a game that had food and water and no enemies. Or a least towns people that didn't want to detain me. I kicked myself for not downloading Stardew Valley or redownload Cooking Simulator. 

There were definitely some game I wouldn't play, not only because they were stupidly dangerous, but also because they had no food, (Bayonetta, Kirby, Hades, Sonic). I had Pokemon, Digimon, and Atelier Ryza, games that didn't really have a life or death battle system, but they did still have currency. 

Dragon Quest: no.
Undertale: maybe?
Spiritfarer: doesn't everyone die in this one?
Gris: no food.
Hyper Light Drifter: no mercy 

After hours of just staring at my screen I finally found the one. It was buried deep as I didn't play it at all, and only got it when it was on sale. 

Coffee Talks. A game were you literally just get coffee and talk to people. I mean, some of them are monsters, but all that means it I won't stick out as much, right? And they should take normal money too? 

I played through the first 10 minutes. The setting is nighttime Seattle, Tuesday, September 22nd, 2020. I looked at my phone, and saw the date for the first time. It technically should still be June of 2022, but not anymore. 

As I served Freya, I looked over the menu, took a photo with my phone, and then docked my Switch, making sure it was showing up on the screen. If the switch is off, then the door is black. 

As I looked through, I found myself on the other side of the counter. Good, then I should easily purchase food and maybe find someone who can understand magic portals. That, or I could get a job and try to live here for the rest of my life. Whichever's easiest. With my best casual clothes on and maybe too much perfume, I walked through the door.