The luckiest people drew real powers from the fate decks when turning 18. My aunt drew teleportation, my mum drew telekinesis, and my sister drew shapeshifting. Of course, all of these things came at a cost, some greater than others. 

My sister, for example, couldn't shift back into her regular form for 12 hours after a transformation and it drained her of any energy she had previously. My aunt could teleport anywhere in the world, but would lose hair relative to how far she teleported. She went bald once having teleported right next to herself the long way around. Couldn't teleport for months after that.

But of course, I drew the joke power. "Ability to add carbon to any oxygen molecule". Great, I'm reverse photosynthesis. I'm sure this will come in handy for when I need to make the air a little less pure. What's the energy and cooldown, just for shits and giggles.

I look at the bottom of the card and see: "No energy required, no cooldown."

Well that can't be right. No cooldown? And it doesn't cost me anything? I wonder how it works. I look over and see some of the kids from school laughing and pointing as my power is displayed on the monitor above my card dealer. I concentrate and focus as hard as I can to turn the air they breathe into carbon dioxide. Nothing appears to happen, so I guess it's just too low of a concentration to matter. Fuck.

Suddenly, one of the kids from school falls over. He looks... unconscious? Another of the group falls down next to him, and then another. The ones left standing seem to be gasping for air before shortly falling to the ground alongside the others.

Huh, I guess it worked. That's a neat trick, maybe I can go into the military as a secret weapon. Or international espionage! Or probably just graduate college and become an accountant like my dad did. Let's not kid ourselves here.

Suddenly, a woman screams. I look over and she's standing next to the horde of bodies on the ground. "HE'S DEAD!" I hear her exclaim. "THEY'RE ALL DEAD!"

Well that wasn't supposed to happen. Maybe it wasn't me. I just made them breathe dirty air, there's no way that kills someone. Can it? I was just hoping for a coughing fit, maybe some dizziness. Oh fuck, I killed someone. I killed *six* someones. That's not good. That's actually very bad. 

But wait. What's anyone going to do about it? I can kill people just by concentrating; I can vacuum entire rooms once I get used to it. Besides, I'll be long gone before anyone can figure out what killed them. It's not like people can see the carbon dioxide floating around.

Maybe I wasn't thinking big enough. I could be a *villain*. I can threaten to accelerate global warming, or attend a public speech of any leader and sap their life from them. This is it, this is what I was waiting for my entire life.

What's a good villain name?

\---------------------------------------------------------

Any feedback is greatly appreciated! &lt;3