The Vigilante looked at the elderly man with a suspicious gaze. You don't get to the top of the system by playing fair, by not stepping on heads. This was just an attempt to sway him.

"You don't trust me," the man said calmly. "I understand. I wouldn't either. You can trust *these*, however," he said and pushed forward a series of documents.

Shipping manifests. Orders. Transfers through several companies. All funnelling money and resources into... the Lanes? Lanes are the poorest section of the City. Why would he...

"These are fake," Vigilante assumed.

"Please. You've been single-handedly wrecking other corpos in the City. You know what fake documents look like. These, good sir, are quite genuine," the man said. Vigilante inspected them closer - watermarks, stamps, hell, even the names of the people you need to bribe to get these through...

Shit.

"Alright. I'll bite. What's your angle?" Vigilante asked.

"I want to see the stars again," the man smiled. Vigilante, on the other hand, frowned.

"Cut the shit. If you wanted that, you'd just book a space flight like every other rich asshole. Why-"

"No, no, you don't quite understand. I don't want *me* in space. I want *humanity* in space."

Vigilante only narrowed his eyes.

"Did you study a lot of history?" the CEO asked. "I believe not. Your mother could not afford a good school. A shame."

"How do you-"

"Please, Frank. With my resources, of course I know."

A moment of uneasy silence passed with Vigilante scanning the room for threats and escape before the elderly man started again.

"You know, there was a time. A time when humanity looked towards the stars and wondered 'Huh. I wonder what's out there. I'll see it one day'. And then... we lost ourselves. Dug deeper and deeper into our basest wants and needs, engaged in opulence and cruelty. We wanted everything; a few of us got it. The rest got nothing. But that dream - dream of what's out there, what could be, that still exists. It's just that..."

He sighed deeply.

"How can someone dream when they're too busy scrounging for their next meal?" he said sorrowfully.

"Nice story and all, but then why did you screw everyone over until you had everything? Sounds awfully convenient," Vigilante hissed.

"You work outside the system - fight it. What did it get you? Popularity in the lower class but an arrest warrant in the high class. It can't work. It's good work, a good cause, but can't work on a larger scale. Not for long. I took the system and bent it to my will. Turned it into a machine that works for me, not *them*," he said and pointed outside the window towards the other highrise buildings far above the smog.

"Well then why keep these a secret?" Vigilante said and pointed towards the manifests angrily.

"If this sort of info got out, I'd either be removed as CEO or assassinated," the man said casually.

"Let's assume you're not full of shit," Vigilante said incredulously. "What's your plan, exactly?"

"A slow one. Give me five years and everyone in the Lanes and above will have the necessities - books, food, air filters, clean water. Fifteen years and I'll have changes to legislation - support of unions, worker's rights, mass-scale air filtration, bans on drugs. Twenty-five years and people will no longer be content sitting in the dirt and instead will look upwards, unpolluted by the greed and folly of a bygone generation."

"...and then?" Vigilante asked with far less hostility in his voice. The elderly man smiled gently.

"I'll go to the Lanes and in the eyes of every child, I'll see the stars."