"Do you know why you, why WE are here, Wilda?"

Wilda sighed and absentmindedly played with her hair, "I'm *sure* you are going to tell me."

The Duchess of Fairies was always looking for reasons to call Wilda in, she was giving fairies a good name, and the King was having none of it.  He sent the Duchess to go deal with Wilda, because he couldn't be mean to his daughter, no matter how mad she made him.

"You are here because of this..."  Duchess handed Wilda a piece of parchment.  "Is this YOUR handwriting?"

"I can't really tell, I think I write neater than that."  Wilda looked at the paper for a moment and gently shooed it back over to the Duchess without touching the parchment.  Very clever move.

"Let me help you then.  Did you, or did you not know about the Kingdom of Pries new child?"

"Sure, everyone knew.  I mean, it's not like it's their first.  The King has been trying to have a male heir for so long, I mean, he won't stay off the queen.  Poor lady, if you ask me..."

"I didn't ask you, so you know about the baby, you know about the royal christening?"

"Yes, yes, I know all about that. "

"Did you receive the invite?"

"Not that I would have gone, because they are having a bit of a time getting really good food in, so everything is kind of half rate, by royalty standards, of course, and really bad based on OUR standards...."

"So you admit you know you weren't invited."  Duchess was losing her patience.

Wilda sighed, "Yes, I admit I was not invited.  But, it's no big deal. I didn't want to go. The queen and I, we've known each other for like, ever from her point of view.  I told her the last  four kids I didn't need to be invited."

"What are the rules? Do I need to remind you the rules!!!!???"

"... *The rules state that if the district fairy is not invited to the christening of any royal child, the district fairy is to attend in disguise unannounced until after the presentation of the royal child to the populace, then the fairy is to throw off their disguise in the most fabulous way possible including but not limited to, flames, lightning or explosions in such a way to cause all attention to divert to the fairy.  The fairy is then to curse the royal family for this most heinous breach of protocol and then to flounce without another word after the curse is placed upon the child*.  Did I get that right?"

"To the letter, so why didn't you?"

"it's not the baby's fault."

"That doesn't matter!  You curse the child to punish the lax parents!"

Wilda stood up and walked to the window of the room.  "Well, I did put a curse.... Just not on little Elli.  She's so cute and deserves better."

"When did you see them?"  Duchess sat up in her chair.  This was potentially problematic on multiple levels.  There are rules, and Wilda liked to flaunt them.  Any opportunity to rat out her sister to their father would make her, the middle child look so much better than the little baby who did no wrong.

"As the queens fairy godmother, I was there for her birth, as I was for all the other children.  I kept her pain to a minimum and even cleaned up little Elli to hand to her mother."

"You CLEANED the baby?"

"Of course, have you seen fresh human babies?  UGH!  Look, I may have already provided a suitable curse for the King anyway..."

"How?  Why wasn't it public?"

"I can't embarrass my Godchild, or Godchildren, even."  Wilda turned to face her overbearing middle-child sister.  "The king won't be able to *gift* my poor Godchild with any more children.  He just doesn't know it yet.  So look at the paper now and read it.  There is a curse, but not on that sweet little baby. She's going to have a hard enough time making her way in this world.  As the youngest of 7 girls, she might have to actually marry someone for love, like a stable boy who is secretly a prince or other tropes.  So there is a curse, just not publicly, because I couldn't do that to the Queen.  So, BACK OFF BITCH!"  With that, Wilda strode out of the room while commenting over her shoulder, "I'm going to have a little chat with our Daddy!"