He'd felt this rumbling for ages, deep inside his gut. Mateo considered it his instinct, something human and innate. He'd never imagined it would lead him here, to the *actual* super hero registry, but it all fell into place as he finished the last flourish on his signature, the ink on his NDA as thick as blood.

He paused a moment, watching the ink sink in and spread through the fibers of the paper, considering his next move. The office his lawyer had gleefully led him to this morning, before the hours of paperwork, was all glass and as the sun moved lower in the sky, everything began to glint. 

Mateo suddenly thought of his long favorite superhero, Super Scope, and wondered if he'd signed this same boiler plate legalese; if the same glint Marlo was currently squinting against had bothered his sensitive eyes.

But he knew now, the superhero whose powers he'd always coveted probably lied too. His famed x-ray vision likely didn't exist - God only knows what his real power is.

What his real power *was,* Mateo corrected himself, remembering the fatal accident earlier this week.

It was the first superhero death in a long time. The funeral had dragged on for a full ten days, comic books and merchandise being pedalled for every last cent. Mateo had broken down and bought the last issue of the Super Scope comic, just in case they really didn't publish more.

All proceeds to the fallen hero's favorite cause - the National Wildlife Refuge.

There still hadn't been an official release of the cause of death, but everyone knew it happened in a battle with The Botanist. The whole thing had been televised across time square for god's sake.

The roaring of the crowd had been so loud Mateo's bird, Dolly, lost her mind, beating violently against her cage until Mateo managed to move her into the quiet bathroom and drape her with a cloth. Now every time the bird screeched, he associated it with the moment he watched his hero fall.

Today, he was starting his own journey as a hero and he could only pray it would not end the same way.

"Now, you will write your true power in this envelope and only we will know it," the representative from the Superhero Coalition explained, interrupting Mateo's brooding thoughts. "Any paperwork from here on out should only contain your pseudo power."

Mateo hesitated as his lawyer grinned encouragingly, gesturing toward the thick card stock paper on the glass table. The pen felt heavy in his hand, ink still thick as blood.

He hesitated and made a split second decision that would change everything. On the signed document, he wrote his fake power as a sonic boom. On the card stock, he wrote his real power as a control of the wind

Neither was the truth.

And as the lawyers shook hands and congratulated him on a job well done, their chairs scraping back from the table reminded him once more of Dolly's screeching the day Super Scope had died. Her frantic beating against the cage echoed in his ears as his blood pumped harder through them.

He suddenly felt a powerful and irrational need to set her free