The warmaiden held her sword poised to stike at the demon. The demon in turn, casually leaning against his throne. The warmaiden struck, the steel glancing off the demon's thick leathery hide. Doing nothing.

"So, who sent you here anyway?"

"That is not your business!"

"No, but it might be fun to think about. I mean, I am going to kill you but it would be funny to hear who sent you on this fools errand."

"My sister at the academy. We trained long and hard together. She told me that no man could kill you. But I am no man!"

"As we've established, that's nonsense." The demon looked the warmaiden up and down a bit. "Say, you're a rather attractive specimen. I bet there's a handsome man waiting for your return..."

"Not even close. I have dedicated my life to warfare. Such frivolities are beneath me."

"Yes, but are they beneath the men in your town? Say there was one who had eyes only for you. Say you're sister who sent you on this journey to your death fancied this man. Maybe without you around she could get this man to notice her."

The warmaiden struck the demon again with her sword. Again the sword bounced harmlessly off. "That is a lie!"

"Oh is it now?" The demon finally got off his throne. He sauntered towards her menacingly. She backed away slightly. "And how do you know how the hearts of men work. Or women for that matter. Even now there is the flicker of doubt in your eyes. So at least the part of there being a man who fancies you is true."

"Possibly. The blacksmith who made my armor."

"Ah, the blacksmith. A strapping lad I imagine? Big burly arms. Works rather closely with you too hmm?" The demon stared into her eyes, seeming into her soul. "I'll tell you what. I will let you live. In exchange, you are to return the advances of the blacksmith."

"But, I have no intrest in him. He is just my blacksmith to me!"

"Alternatively, you could kill your warrior sister. Would that be better?"

"Why are you making these demands of me?"

"I just want to put a bit more evil in the world. I grow bored of the usual things. A love triangle ending in death sounds like a delicious diversion."

"How do you know it will end in death?"

"Because you're here."

The warmaiden backed away and turned to leave. "Oh, one other thing. I need notes detailing everything that happens. Lots of notes. Send them say, once a week. Deliver them yourself if you have to. I could really use the entertainment."

The warmaiden returned home from the demon's castle. She did not court the blacksmith. She did not murder her sister at the academy. Life returned to normal. She even managed to set her sister and the blacksmith up on an date of sorts, though the blacksmith turned out not to be her sister's type. 

She did send those notes back to the demon though. Her correspondence was long and intricate. She weaved a narrative of romance and betrayal. New characters were brought in and died off in plots and war. She ended the narrative with her sister poisoning the blacksmith and committing suicide. 

It took years to get to that point. And the demon couldn't deal with the ending. So distraught was the demon at seeing the end the demon killed himself. In the end, it was not that no man could kill the demon, but that no sword could. The pen, as it turns out, was mightier.