The sun beamed bright today, white hot against a cloudless blue sky. I squinted through the windshield of my car at it until I was forced to shut my eyes, just to stare at the hazy burn it left behind. When I opened my eyes, the time blinked at me accusingly from my dashboard. I watched it blink into the next minute, and then the next. Slowly, I let my eyes meet the ones they reflected in the rearview mirror. My irises were dark and muddy, the bags under my eyes a deep purple, like a bruise. I received no comfort or reassurance from my reflection. I watched my eyes narrow, trying to hide the fear and sorrow that I tried to mask with anger and intimidation. But I couldn’t look at myself any longer; I knew I was just a coward. I was taking the easy way out.

What my eyes found respite in was the bracelet braided with strings hanging from my mirror. I felt my chest split, just as I had tried so hard to avoid. The hole in my heart was once again ripped open, but this time, I let it be. I let the grief pour out and paralyze me, just for a moment.

Because even though the memory of her smile wracked my entire body with sobs, it also shined brighter than the sun beating down on me from above. I remembered how happy she was the day she gave me this bracelet. She worked for a summer childcare program. God, her heart was so big—she loved it so much, helping children enjoy their summers when their parents were unable to be there for them. She had made bracelets with her kids that day, and one of them suggested they give the bracelets to someone they loved. After she gave me the bracelet, she cried over how proud she was of little Sammy, for expressing such empathy and consideration at his young age. My heart swelled with pride. I knew that was because of how she taught them. I knew, then, she was going to make a difference. I felt it, really, in that moment, that my wife was going to change many lives.

But she didn’t. She died two weeks ago.

And now, I was alone. Our house—my house, now—was full of memories, ones that wrenched at me every time I breathed. The air, the air that we used to breathe together, now putrefied me. The smell of her scent still laid densely on our sheets, the sheets that will never again hold us together. Her clothes, still strung across our bedroom floor. Her makeup, still scattered around our bathroom sink. Her favorite blanket, that she obsessively washed with the most high-quality fabric softener she could find, to “keep the fluffiness,” still thrown over the back of our couch. Her shoes, still kicked aside by the front door.
I never thought loss could hurt this bad. As I turned towards my passenger seat, I told myself again that this will all be over soon. This unimaginable, agonizing reality will cease to exist by tomorrow morning.
My limbs moved lethargically, my bones seeming to creak as I pulled the hoodie over my head. I opened my door, pulled the backpack on slowly, and a new weight was added to my shoulders.

My face burned from the sun, unrelenting, angled above me just so that it casted the street ahead of me in an unnatural, shadowless light. I stepped forward, a roar building in my ears. I forced myself to keep going, even though everything in me told me to stop. _I can’t live like this anymore. I can’t, I won’t._ My steps were heavy, trudging.

And finally my hand reached the cold metal of doorknob, and I pulled the door open. Cold air tickled my skin, stout and dry from the air conditioning. I could barely hear the sounds of everyone inside, but I could see glasses clinking together, all different colors of liquid sloshing around. Heads are thrown back in laughter, arms thrown up in hugs. Mouths tossed open in excited shouts or singing along to the music blaring so loud I could feel it in the soles of my feet. I watched as lips met lips and bodies met bodies. I watched as hands found skin and eyes grew bold. I knew they would never understand how good they had it. They were taking this happiness for granted.
_It’s too late now,_ I told myself. My fingertips brushed cold metal, took hold. My hands shook, but my grip was firm. It was now or never, I knew. I could not disappoint. I closed my eyes. My heart beat loud, deafeningly, in my ears.

I knew she would never forgive me. I knew what I was doing was unforgivable. But it was the only thing that would be enough.

The only thing that would heal me from the wreckage of these memories, was to do something hideous enough to have them all wiped away.

edit: cuz i switched to present tense in the middle for some reason