**"So if I wish for two puppies. I'd get one instead?"**

"I don't know. Maybe? My dad said he's not sure."

"Let's try it and see!"

"No! You promised!"

"I wish for two puppies!"

The half-genie's eyes glow bright blue. She goes into a trance and magical energy erupts from her body.  Two adorable puppies appear out of thin air, one on each of their laps.

"OH MY GOSH! THEY'RE SO CUTE!!"

"You promised you wouldn't wish!"

"It's just a puppy!  Well TWO puppies! Maybe your dad lied to scare you from using your power!!!"

"Hm... my mom does always say to never trust a genie."

"Yup! So now... I wish for doggie treats for the puppies and the world's most delicious macaroon for me!"

The half-genie's power erupts again and the wish was granted.  The puppies rush to the treats scattered on the floor, and the genie's friend eagerly gobbles up the treat she wished for.

"Mmmm... This is so good! It's like better than the ones my dad bought in Paris!"

"Oooh.  I want to try one too!"

"Ok. I wish for one more world's most delicious macaroon!"

Once again, the wish was granted.  Then just as the half-genie is about to enjoy the fruit of her magical labor, tortured yelps interrupt the feast.  The puppies stopped eating the treats and are now twitching uncontrollably on their laps.

"Oh no!  Are they choking? Do something!"

"Do what!?  I don't even know how I created them!?"

Suddenly, the puppies stop twitching, and instead, their silky white fur wither and their bodies shrivel into dark brown mess.  One of the girls instinctively try to push the body away from her, but just as her hand makes contact, the puppies explode and smother both of them in disgusting gore.  The two girls are in such shock that they don't even remember to scream.

"Wh-... what just... happened?"

"Oh my god. L-... look at the dog treats."

The dog treats that scatter the floor also start morphing, but they didn't just shrivel up.  Instead they morph into random nasty things like finger nails, hair balls, etc.  The two girls exchange looks, and simultaneously shift their gaze to the uneaten macaroon, then to the friend's stomach.