"I missed my father's funeral," Isaac said, looking grimly into his latté. "'You have to be there', LeRoux said. 'Vital mission', he said. You know what it resulted in?" he said and looked at his companion. She knew the question was mostly rhetorical so she only waited, eyes set on him.

"A knife in the gut and three weeks in ICU," he said, clutching his side. The scar still hurt sometimes. "The best part? Overlord still got away. Like he *always does*. So what was the bloody point?"

"You have no idea. You know what he did from the money he got from it?" Elizabeth asked, tone as annoyed as Isaac's. He looked at her expectantly.

"He built a robot. 3 meters tall, laser eyes, chainsaw hands, the dumbest thing you've seen. LeRoux destroyed it on their next clash in, like, four minutes. The damn thing didn't even scratch him. It was like 4 *million* credits! Imagine what you could do with that sort of money! The lives you could improve!" she cried out, hand gesturing wildly.

"Wait, that was *that* robot?" Isaac asked incredulously. Elizabeth nodded without a word, her lips pressed together in anger.

"The generator system I designed for it could have powered a small town for 3 years with no harm to the environment," Elizabeth continued. "Instead, he slapped it in the robot. LeRoux ripped it apart and posed like a hero. It was the only prototype and... the blueprints were in the building when it blew up." Her voice was full of distress and scarcely repressed anger.

Isaac leaned back in his chair and rubbed his eyes. It was always like this. Overlord robs a place or something like that. LeRoux arrives and fights him. Isaac has to be there and try to get as many people out of harm's way as he can.

Except he often can't. Not all of them. And every time he closes his eyes, he sees them. *Every* time he closes them.

As he sat there, considering the topic, a thought slowly crept up in his mind, growing larger by the second, invading every corner of his attention until the grand realization struck him like lightning.

"Wait..." he said slowly. "Did you say the generator *you designed*?"

"7 years of electromechanical research I poured into it and when I finally get the funding..." she waved her hand towards the air.

"You work for Overlord?" Isaac asked nervously and leaned away from Elizabeth.

"...I thought you knew?" Elizabeth fired back, eyes wide, now as nervous as Isaac. Their gazes met in a moment of utmost tension before each looked around the café for escape routes, enemy agents, weapons, anything that could be a threat or an asset.

"*Why*?" Isaac asked quietly. Elizabeth's countenance softened.

"He... wasn't always like this. He had... ideals, *good* ones, trying to fight the system that's more than broken. I just... he can do *so much good*, you know? If only he tried a bit more but this..." she clutched her fist, "infinite *fucking* squabble between LeRoux and him just..." she tried to finish her thought but only let out a defeated sigh. She had the awkward delivery of someone who is not at all used to cursing.

"I thought you knew. And that you understood," she added sadly.

Isaac looked at her. Elizabeth. A friend he's grown to hold dearly over the years, one who's always supported him and in return, he supported her; one who always offered a smile and a piece of advice. And she worked for that bastard.

"Huh," he finally let out.

"Yeah."

But he knew her. Better than to judge too rashly.

"Did you ever design something that hurt people?" he asked.

"No!" she snapped. "Of course not! That's not why-"

"I'm sorry. I had to ask."

Silence once again gripped them.

"So..." Isaac started carefully as if each word could blow up, "electromechanics, huh? I had no idea. How did you get into that?"

Elizabeth smiled. She knew he'd understand. Perhaps one day, they'll see this conflict end. Or perhaps one day, they'll leave it behind them. Together.

She raised her hand to order two more coffees; the waiter nodded, already knowing what drinks they wanted without them needing to say it.

They were regulars here, after all.