Mortimer Palmer sat there, still as a statue. It was enough for everything else around him to shrivel—physically, mentally, and metaphorically.

Mere humans backed away with leaden feet, simply unable to comprehend the aura that rolled off of him. It held him like an overprotective blanket three sizes too big, causing a shimmer in the air, like rolling sheets of lava erupting from a volcano. Colour seemed a little duller around Mortimer, hiding themselves so that they wouldn’t draw the attention of his keen eyes. And the plants would have loved to uproot themselves and ran away, but instead settled for their leaves trembling in fear.

“I just want a friend,” Mortimer whispered, words lost on the passage of winds. It was a simple wish for most mortals.

Unfortunately, Mortimer was not most mortals.

He could do what mortals did. Eat food. Drink water. Live. Probably die sometime in the future. But the difference was his power—an omnipresent aura that presents him as omnipotent, though he was anything but.

Mortimer, therefore, wandered the world. Nobody dare to stop him anyway. All he could hear was faint whispers wherever and whenever he walked. They served as his true herald, announcing his appearance miles before he set foot anywhere, but were really his true annoyances, a following pigeon that emptied its bowels only at the most inappropriate of times.

Mortimer tried and learned to shut them out. He really did. But being an otherwise normal human, he found himself wanting to listen to them, an entirely irrational decision that served only to make him miserable. So he did, again and again, over and over.

And he repeated his wish, as well: “I just want a friend.”

Mortimer sat far away from civilization today, on a log that saw better days a decade ago. At least grass didn’t chatter needlessly. He repeated his own mantra, trying to manifest it into reality. For his powers had to do something, right?

“I find people who say that don’t often get the desired result.”

Mortimer looked up, seeing a sprightly young woman staring at him. She looked… normal.

“Couldn’t help but notice you were being a little gloomy here,” she chuckled. “What sort of big scary powers do you have?”

“Nothing,” Mortimer said softly. “The aura. It shows nothing. It is hot, empty air.”

“The rumours are wrong, then,” she said, taking a seat next to him, causing Mortimer to shuffle uncomfortably.

“Rumours?”

“That you are some evil being looking to destroy the town,” she said, lifting her legs in the air. “Because if you were, you would already have done it. That tends to be my experience with evil things.”

Mortimer appraised the girl once more, who turned and smiled gently. She looked normal. Far too normal.

“You are… colourful,” Mortimer realized. “You aren’t affected by me?”

“Power drainer Grace,” she smiled again. “It just stops powers for a while. But everybody loves to think that I’m stealing them. Isn’t that funny?”

“It sounds… lonely,” Mortimer said.

“As do yours. But you look like a regular ol’ gloomy raincloud to me, buddy,” Grace said cheerfully. “Not the big scary monster everybody sees.”

“Ah,” Mortimer said, then fell silent.

The girl basked in the quiet for a while as well, before eventually poking Mortimer in the thigh.

“Aren’t you going to ask?”

“Ask what?”

“The thing you’ve been saying. Again and again. If I do say so myself, I feel like we are kind of a good fit. Maybe we can walk into town not as pariahs, but as two normal people.”

Mortimer sniffed, trying not to let the tears fall out of his face.

“I’ll like that very much,” he said. “Will you be my friend?”

“But of course,” Grace’s crystal clear laughter rang through the woods, before being eventually joined by Mortimer’s more guttural guffaws.

Both perfectly normal expressions of happiness.

---

r/dexdrafts