In some ways I was lucky.  I had clothes, shoes, snacks, and somehow working internet.  But with nothing to drink but half a can of flat coke from yesterday, my options were... limited.

I had almost chosen Magicka at first, beginning in a castle of eccentric wizards stocked to the gills with cheese and sausages would have potentially kept me fed for months.  That was before I remembered those 'wizards' also treated mortality like a joke and were trained by a suspicious man who made repeated assertions to his non-vampire status.  Mad Max would have left me eating maggots and fighting violent gangs for a sip of water, yet it was still a better choice than any of the Fallouts.  Raft does have a decent food and water system but boats and I have never gotten along, and that's not even counting those persistent sharks.

Ironically, the best choice turned out to be one where your doom was only a matter of time and numbers.  Numbers that I could at least influence by selecting the game's difficulty.  So after maximising the loot drops, reducing the enemy's speed to a walk and limiting the blood moon to only once every twenty-eight days I donned my most rugged clothes and work boots, slipped my old backpack over my shoulders, took down my favourite wall-hanger and made my way into the 7 Days to Die world.  I nearly died, several times of course, those damned buzzards were more dangerous than the zombies I swear, but I did survive.

And then when day twenty-seven rolled around I went home, ate and drank everything I had grown or scavenged then deleted the world and started again.

But now I'm tired, I've been fighting, sneaking, hunting and farming for what felt like years now and I need a break.  So after closing my blinds, which logically I knew was unnecessary, locking my door and double-checking it, I sat myself down at my faithful computer.  Steam was my lifeline, not just to survival but sanity, and right now my mind was crying for rest.  I got up and triple checked that my door was locked, then moved my bedside table in front of it to make sure before opening my account's hidden games.  Hours played:  Seventeen.  Time since last played:  Two months.

I licked my lips, checked my tissues were close at hand and booted up Subverse.