My love was taken from me five years ago.  
  
I was a peasant girl, and he a prince. I remember the first time I saw him, going to each town in turn and offering relief supplies during these troubled times. The warlock Dregar had sent his army of fiends to terrorize the land, and the world quickly descended into war. While the king talked of war, the prince considered peace. While the king thought only of the threats abroad, the prince thought of his subjects in their domain.  
  
I had lost my home from a fiend attack, and without anywhere to stay he offered me a room in his royal palace. Despite protests from others in the castle, the prince made sure I was allowed to stay until I found another. Over the weeks I spent in the palace, I learned more of the prince’s kindhearted nature, debating the other royalists, urging them to ease up on taxes against the wealthy and make the nobles pay their fair share. He was so passionate and fervent. He wanted change and he would make it happen.  
  
He could have spent his time with anyone in the castle, the whole country even, and yet instead he chose to talk to me. He would ask me questions about peasant life, hoping to understand the common people as to help them better. I fell for him, and him for me, magic flows within all royal veins, but he told me the true magic he felt was when we were together. Unfortunately, the king forbid our union, and I was barred from the castle. Shortly later the prince left the castle and was lost deep in enemy territory. It was the warlock and his fiends that took my prince away from me, and ever since that day I made a vow to give the warlock the justice he deserved, to bring this land to peace just as my prince wished, and exact the vengeance I have yearned for, for so, so long.  
  
I learned to fight, taking up arms with the prince’s own blade, and leading my own peasant infantry. We may not have been as disciplined as the royal troops, but we were hardened. We lived a life of strife and hard labor, and the fiends had all taken someone or something away from us. It was personal, we were angry, and we would have our revenge.  
  
Five years was a long time to wait to get my revenge, but that wait ends today. With the combined forces of the royal and peasant infantry, we had finally pushed the enemy forces back, claiming more and more territory. Soon we made it to the heart of the warlock’s domain, the final confrontation had begun.  
  
Now, I stand across from the reason my love is gone, the devilish warlock Dregan himself. I smirk, unafraid of the force of evil before me. I rush forward, unimpeded by any of the threats or spells the warlock slings at me, thrusting my blade forward at the warlock’s chest, but no matter how hard I push, no scar or cut began to form. I slash and strike, cut and slice, yet no blood spills.  
  
“Fool! The prophecy had stated that no human may slay me!” cackles the warlock.  
  
If I am the human, then maybe I need my sword to be separate from me. I throw my sword at him, but it hits him as if it's a harmless stick. He tosses my sword back at me tauntingly, cackling more, “not you! Your sword!”  
  
“I don’t understand…” I mutter.  
  
The warlock smirks, “your sword, did you not know? They were born as a man.”  
  
“What…”  
  
The warlock mutters an incantation and my sword begins to shift and change. I gasp, unable to process the sight before me, “my prince…”  
  
The prince mutters an incantation, for magic flows in all royal veins, and the ceiling above the warlock begins to crumble. The warlock screams in anguish as the rocks fall upon him. The prince grins, “fortunately, rocks are not human.”  
  
My prince rushes to me, and we share an embrace, I sigh with bliss, “oh dearest… I thought I’d never see you again, but how have you returned?”  
  
“After the king forbid our union,” he explains, “I went to a fiend within the warlock’s domain and made a deal with them to forever be by your side… little did I know, that would be as a sword…”  
  
“So you were my sword the entire time? Did it hurt when I swung you?” I ask with concern.  
  
He winces, “a little…”  
  
I gasp, “oh dear…”  
  
He shakes his head, “don’t despair, my love. Seeing you grow strong and become a leader and warrior, being by your side these five years, it was worth every moment of being within a sword prison.”  
  
“But now you’re free…”  
  
“Now I’m free, and since we’re both war heroes, perhaps my father will finally accept our union.”  
  
I beam, I had achieved peace, and he would live to see our dream become a reality.