Deep within a forest, there is a trail. Upon this trail, an old woman shuffles along. Burdened with time, a single stick from a fallen tree keeps her up right. The stereotype of an old woman in the woods is not lost on her, but she does not care. She was not a hermit. These woods are not her home. They are her salvation.

For there is a lake in this forest. A magic lake whose water can restore even the most wretched hag to glorious youth. Many legends of fountains of youth span across the entire world, all of which the old woman had been hunting since the first hair on her head turned silver. Now, as her spindly limbs creak and groan with every push, she was sure that this is it. The true fountain of youth among so many lies and tricks.

The snap of a twig beneath her foot startles a nearby doe, who quickly scampers off into the brush. Were she just a year younger, she would tell that doe that there was nothing to fear and that she was just an old woman. But she was on her last legs now. She could not spend a single ounce of energy on anything except walking forward, lest her withered heart seize or her lungs shrivel. T'was a cruel fate to die so close to accomplishing a goal, for her or for any living thing.

As of now she has walked 4 miles into the forest, the gravel path guiding her through twists and winds like a serpent. Ditches and mud ponds surround her, with the thick layer of fallen leaves doing little to cover their marring presence in the beauty of this forest. Had she paid just a little more attention to these ditches, she would have noted their strange shape. Triangular impressions with three thick prongs jutting outward radially, as if some three toe'd giant had mashed these imprints into the ground with their hulking feet.

But the old woman does not notice them. Instead she treks onward. As she inches closer and closer to the fountain, she could not help but reminisce of older days. Days of excitement, adventure, pleasure, romance, and so many other joys and luxuries. When her hair was still as red as a blazing fire, and her body was as lithe and flowing as the rivers of Elysium itself.

Oh, how she missed those days. When everything bowed to her, named her "Princess" or "Queen" or even "Goddess". Were she but fifty years younger, all these trees would bow down to her as well. But as it stands only one tree was bowing. But it was not bowing to honor her. It was bowing to watch her. To spy on her from the comfort of its bed of twigs and leaves shuffled together on the forest floor, for her presence had stirred its curiosity so much that it felt that munching on the leaves of other trees was no longer as important as seeing this little old woman walking through its home.

And so she carried on, her eyes not once having strayed from the gravel path ahead of her and thus blinding her to everything else around her. For nothing was as important as reaching that fountain. Nothing. Not the sound of huge leathery wings beating from above, not the sound of small clawed feet sprinting through the bushes, not the sound of huge horns and spiked tails clashing against eachother in territorial disputes. Not even the sound of a doe, perhaps the same doe she had met in the beginning, howling in fear and pain before being instantly silenced by the sickening crunch of bone.

Onward she pressed until finally the shining glimmer of water in daylight met her eyes. The old woman shuffled, scuttled even, toward the fountain of youth. Her elbows and knees screamed in exertion, their creaking mixing together into a cacophony of brittle bones and sinewy muscles. But she did not care. Salvation was finally hers. When she felt her slippers turn cold and waterlogged, she felt an ecstatic relief she had not felt in half a century.

She collapsed onto her knees, folding in on herself as she desperately lapped at the water like a dog. With every sip of the divine liquid, strength and vigor returned to her. She could feel her hair growing back, its fiery red subsuming the ragged silver from before. Her muscles bulged, her bones realigned, and she could feel the very skin on her face lifting up and settling back in. She stood up and watched the water settle down, waiting for the big reveal.

Finally after fifty years of loneliness the woman she knew, the woman she loved, is now staring back at her in the water. The two greeted eachother in happy tears and large toothy grins, neither one able to take their eyes off the other. But had she chosen to do so, she would have seen another pair of eyes glowing from the dark of the woods behind her. Had she chosen to look at something other than herself, she would see that below those eyes was another big toothy grin.

But she did not.