I can tell by the way he walks past me that it won't be long before the king will have me killed. I probably have an hour, maybe two, to leave the dungeon. Throat cut my way out of the Fort.   


"What am I talking about ?" I groan while I hurry back to my chambers to get the Obsidian Dagger before I can leave. "If I've not left the kingdom by the end of the day I might as well kill myself. And everything would have been in vain."  


I storm into the antichamber of my bedroom and lock the door behind me. Then drop a heavy sigh.

*Remember what the Dyad told you, Kleön... "If the King is not dead by the winter solstice, darkness will spread again into people's hearts and children will start to disappear again." Then they gave you the poison and... and...*  


"... and it didn't work." Someone smirks from the other side of the antichamber.  


I freeze. Before I have the time to do anything, as my forehead is still resting against the wood of the door i just locked, i can feel the obsidian blade press the skin under my chin, held by whoever just somehow read my mind and finished my train of thought with a somehow sweet, somehow ice-cold voice.  


"What a sharp, pleasant, nicely manufactured weapon." The voice continues. "Definitely not fitting the King's Peace Act criteria though, I'm afraid."  


"Who are you?" I ask, quite unhappy with how easily they got me.  


They laugh.

&amp;#x200B;

"I'm flattered by the genuine interest you're taking in me, kid, really, but the question is, who are *you*?"

&amp;#x200B;

"What do you mean?"

&amp;#x200B;

"I mean..." They hesitate, as if they're looking for the most eloquent way to make their point. "Why else do you think that a poison that has been given to you by someone, as powerful and wise as the Dyad is, didn't work, if not because..."

&amp;#x200B;

"... they never meant for the poison to work in the first place." I finish, suddenly appalled.

&amp;#x200B;

"*Exactly."* 

They laugh again. It's annoying.

"You're not as stupid as you made you look like you were when locking yourself in with the deadliest person you've ever met."

I mumble something childish that is probably not making me look any more clever. I can almost feel them rolling their eyes and questioning how bad their career as the King's assassin or something just went.

"So again, the question is: who are *you*, a quite mediocre, annoyingly young, wanna-be assassin, to make the Dyad feel *that* bothered... or even *threatened*... by you that they send you to a quick death -that'll be *me*\- by asking you to kill the one person they know they can do nothing against?"  


I am more confused than ever. Could it be that the Dyad themselves would like to see me *dead*? Whatever might be the answer to this, I understand that I shouldn't share any of my confusion and *think* out loud with a person who reads minds and is ready to cut my throat. I remember what the Prince told me, a few days ago, in very different circumstances.

"I'm not sure... I'm just a *person*."

I can feel my mysterious opponent shiver as I say this, for a reason that I know nothing about.

"I see. How disappointing... You might actually live for a while though, you know. Although in what seems to be an actively boring way, you might be of some interest."

They let go of the pressure on my throat. I turn around... and gasp in horror.

"Ah, yes. The face thing. How handsome, am i not? You'll get used to it."

Instead of a face, i see nothing. A shadow. 

"This can't be..." I whisper. "Peop- *beings* like you are just a legend."

They stand in front of me, with no eyes to look at me, saying nothing. 

I keep staring and, deep *inside* of the shadow, I end up barely seeing particles of light.

Some particles are shining brighter than others and I can differentiate at least a few different colors. It's scary, but kinda beautiful. A bit like stargazing, only you definitely stare at *someone*.

After a while, they just shrug my stare off.

"I'm not sure... I'm just a *person*." They just say, grossly mimicking my voice.