“Listen here you ungrateful brats!” Shouted Lesugui the Master Mind. “Why the Hell do you hate him? He’s saved this city thousands of times over! He’s stopped Alien Invasions! Fought off the Warriors from Atlantis who tried to invade New York, Mole People! He’s killed off Thunder Worms in the Mid West that were devouring cities! Why do you hate him so much?”

A woman with short cut red hair and glasses screamed back, “That Man is No Hero! He Killed off the Majestic Thunder Worms who are a part of Nature!  Now the Thunder Worms are an endangered species! Who cares that those Thunder Worms killed off millions of Mormons and Native Americans, they are a Precious Creature on this planet and now there’s only, like Ten Left!!!”

Another Man steps forward from the Crowd, “He’s No Hero, That Man! Those ‘Alien Invaders’ as you called them, were offering to share their technology and provide health care, as long as we were willing to allow them to alter our DNA and except eternal servitude. I think that’s a pretty fair deal considering I’m Seventy Thousand dollars in Medical Debt thanks to my car accident trying to flee the city during his attack on our Benevolent Saviors!!!”

Lesugui’s eyes began to twitch in Rage as another person from the crowd stepped forward to speak. “Those Mole People wouldn’t have ever even been a problem if he Didn’t kill off all those Damned Thunder Worms! Besides, those people living in the Flyover States Deserve what happens to them, most of them never even go to a major university, they live in the riskier parts of the country and go to community colleges! They knew what the risks were living there! Now we are seeing major environmental changes to our delicate planet! 

A glass bottle was tossed at the Hero Malnash’s Head. He staggers a little and let’s out a sigh as his costume is stained by the wine bottle. Another woman steps from the crowd screaming, “Those Atlantans only Attacked New York in the first place to try to kill Him! He’s been disrupting the illegal drug smuggling operations the Atlantean’s have been running. I’m glad they burned down the “Heroes Sanctuary” and that so many of those Heroes died in the attack! Do you know how hard it is to buy Green Dream Juna now a days? It’s caused more crime to stop those addicted to it than to simply let them have it and keep them drugged up for weeks at a time.”

Lesugui shook his head, as more people began to shout at Malnash, “He stopped my restaurant from being able to serve Human Flesh to aliens and Those with special… appetites! Because of that, we have homeless people in the city we can do nothing about!”

Another bitter faced woman in a business suit screamed, “We already have an overpopulation problem in the world with the Four Billion People on our planet! With all the lives he saves everyday, he is going to cause us to run out of resources and then people will begin to Starve! Don’t you even Watch CNN? Don’t you even Read the News? Earth can’t take having the Four Billion people we already have here!”

An old lady screamed as she threw eggs at Malnash, “He Stopped the Hero known as the Euthanizer from saving so many people, like my dear Husband Harold, from having a sweet release from pain and suffering! Now my Husband Harold is Alive and I can’t find anyone to put him out of my Misery! I have to take care of him and Harold is Just The Worst!!!”

Malnash let’s out another sigh, his shoulders slumped. His Uniform has seen better days and the generally Hopeful gleam in his eyes seemed faded, but not completely gone yet. As the garbage, groceries, and insults to Malnash grew more and more overwhelming, Lesugui threw a Psionic Force Field around him and Malnash protecting them both. 

Lesugui looked around at the clean city, the surprisingly low number of homeless people who came to live in the Midwest refugee camps outside the city proper and he shook his head in disbelief. “How do you do it Malnash? How do you fight for them day in and day out, when they’re all just so, petty, self absorbed, and Stupid?”

Malnash thinks it over for a moment then says, “Because while there are so many people out there who don’t see the value of Human life, I Do. I have to fight for them, because I have to believe that someday, this mental sickness that Society has, this desire to destroy themselves, this desire to destroy each other because they think their better than others, I Have to believe that Humanity will grow past this too!”