Since childhood I had always hated going to these places which my parents called the House of Gods because these places had given me a deep sense of dread and an urge to destroy everything which mocked me by looking down on my inability to do anything.

I used to sit in my room after returning, scratching and cutting my body until it bled.

But not once did I ever complain to my parents about how I despised hearing to  these Priests telling me about this God I did not recognize. 

Not once did I complain about the wounds I had on my limbs because I knew they would be worried about me.

And not once did I look in the eyes of my mother who had found them by mistake when I was thirteen.

I remember staring at the ground as she scolded me about my misery being a result of a demon I had fed with my ignorance towards the all mighty and I wondered if that might actually be the case because I was yet to tell anyone about the figure of a creature I had started seeing outside my window.

She had gone silent for a long while and I thought that maybe she was done with speaking until she asked a question which made me look at her.

"Did you ever even believed in god?"

I remember saying yes with urgency not because I feared getting abandoned but because I indeed believed in god.

I was aware that there was a God because I had always felt a connection with him but no matter how hard I tried I couldn't bring myself to believe in the religion that my parents were following.

My mother had hugged me as I told her about the things I had felt, she had wiped my tears which I didn't even notice had escaped my eyes and then she had told me something which was the reason why things turned out to be like this.

"I know you are trying to accept the all mighty but please don't give into these urges of the devil. Devote your life to a higher power and believe me you will find peace in your life."

I had listened to her heartbeat as she said those words and then with a smile on my face, I had gone to my room where for the first time I invited the creature inside by opening the window.

The creature had introduced himself as a messenger of god and with the many words he shared with me,  I had realized that  peace was indeed possible by devoting myself to a higher power because there was something he had said which answered every question of mine.

"You are the true Prophet of these mortals."

The next six years had been me reaching out to different people and showing them what God had to offer.

And not a single one of them had ever denied what I had shown to them because there was no chance of denying what the truth was.

Things were going well until my father was made aware of the children in my neighborhood acting weird because of something I had told them.

And that was what led to an argument in my house.

"I don't understand why you're all so angry. You're the ones who told me to devote my life to a higher power."

I was sipping a cup of tea as my father had started the subject in front of my mother and I continued to take small sips because its not like I intended to hide anything from them in the first place.

"You started a cult!"

"And?"

My mother stared at me as my father roamed around the room with his palms against his head in frustration.

Rolling my eyes, I kept the cup back on the table and spoke to get my father's attention on me.

"Though I myself don't see anything wrong with the word cult but if it makes you feel any better, what I have started is a religion."

My father's fists landed on the table in front of me as he glared at me who had not even flinched at his outburst.

"Don't ruin the name of holy religions over whatever devilish things you're doing!"

"Why?"

HIs eyebrows furrowed and he backed away at my lack of intent to say anything more.

"I don't get why people are so confident over religions which were introduced some thousands years ago with gods which show no signs of existence."

I stood up and removed my jacket to show my arms which had no scars of the cuts I had inflicted before being enlightened.

"Why would you be so confident over a religion with no prophet to a point that everything else seems evil to you?"

My father grabbed me by the shoulder and made me look straight at him.

"What do you mean by prophet? Who is the prophet of this cult you are following?!"

A smile appeared on my face as I grabbed his hand and made him leave my shoulder.

"I am."

''What?"

The door of the room creaked open and my mother slowly pulled my father back by his arm.

"Did you see them mother? Those who just crossed by the door? I thought they were fast enough to not make their presence known but maybe as the mother of a prophet, nothing has ever been hidden from your eyes."

She stood shaking as she held my father close to her but my father didn't acknowledge the fear she felt because why would he listen to his wife? Why would he care for his wife? The people of his religion never did.

Not like there were many left.

They all had accepted the grace of God by the one true prophet, who was me.

"Get out of my house."

I looked towards my father who could kill me if glares could kill.

"I wont let a person who has sold his soul to the devil stay a minute more in my house."

I could show him the true things which God has in his Grace but I know he is dying in two  months anyways so he might as well see me in his last moments.

With a sigh, I picked up my jacket and left by the door.

Standing outside I listened to my father who had started shouting at my mother who seem to be crying.

I looked towards the silent houses of the neighborhood where everyone stood in front of their lawns smiling at me and waiting for me to say something.

Waiting for me to make them aware of what God had intended.

The God they've been made aware of.

I walked straight towards the messenger who waited for me and reached out my hand to him as he kissed it with respect.

Maybe this was the perfect time to construct what humanity had ignored for years.