Captain Brave sat with his head in his hands – there was still a bit of red at the edge of his gloves.

“I’m sorry.” That was the third time in the last hour.

Lily hugged her knees closer to her chest and turned her face away from him. It was quiet outside the safe house, but the sound of sirens floated in on the wind from time to time. They reminded her that she was now a wanted woman. What remained of the world government had called for her arrest for her role in the massacre.

“My life is ruined now.” She rubbed her eyes on her sleeve. “Why did you have to do that? You could’ve revealed their actions to the public. Let the police and military handle it.”

Captain Brave pushed his hair out of his eyes. The once-pristine locks were matted with sweat and smoke – and perhaps something else.

“The corruption ran deep, Oracle. You told me yourself. Those that died for the whims of the corrupt deserved no less than absolute justice.” His voice, though thick with emotion, still held the inspiring tone of a hero.

Lily had not seen what had happened at that meeting of international leaders. All she knew was that almost half of them had died at the former hero’s hands. In the ensuing chaos, Captain Brave had fled, whisking Lily from her tiny apartment in minutes. She had watched the news from the isolated safehouse while he had gone out again. After all, not all guilty parties had been present at that convention.

Anger swelled in her chest at his single-minded approach. “People need evidence! They’re saying you did this just because I said so! Who’s going to believe that such a wide range of human experimentation went on behind the curtains? It sounds like something out of a bad action movie!”

“I know what I did was wrong. But what would you have me do?” His eyes widened at the accidental question.

There was a surge of energy through Lily’s mind, and she knew the answer.

After a moment, she said, “Kill me. Kill me and blame your actions on me. The public will call me a villain that convinced you to do what you did. But my death will help sway their opinion back in your favor.”

Captain Brave looked horrified as he stammered out, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to ask that.”

Lily let out a bitter laugh. “But you did, and that’s the truth.”

“I won’t do it.”

She clenched her teeth in frustration. “Why not? You killed all those members of the world government without batting an eye. Why would I be any different?”

“You’re an innocent. They weren’t.”

“How do you know that?”

“Because you told me the truth even if you didn’t have to.”

A bitter taste flooded her mouth. It *had* been her choice to tell him.

She voiced her thoughts. “You’re admitting this was all my fault then.”

Yet he continued to refute her culpability. “No. I had my suspicions. You only confirmed them for me. The blame for these events lies with me.”

“You don’t have to coddle me. I know what I did.”

A flash of anger appeared on his face. “Then tell me, Oracle. Are you innocent?”

The question came with an answer as every question she heard did. But the knowledge only made her heart sink further. Tears spilled out of her eyes, and she let out a strangled sob.

Captain Brave sighed. “You are, aren’t you?”

He already knew. His powers let him detect good and evil in the broadest sense. He had only asked to force her to come to terms with her innocence. He stood from his chair.

“Rest, Oracle. I’ll keep you safe. We’ll find somewhere for you in the morning.” He paused before adding, “Some of the others have agreed to help collect that evidence. We’ll make this right.”

And then he was gone again.

*How many more will die tonight?*

Unable to bear the stress any longer, Lily laid down on the couch and fell into a fitful sleep.

...

Dark superhero stories are fun.

If you're interested in my works, the archive of my various writing responses can be found in my writing portfolio, link through my profile.

Thanks for reading.