I'm banging this out on my mobile device, so bear with me.

Debrief Report: Sims, Dylan. Staff Sergeant, Royal Air Force, sole survivor of Joint Task Force Omega. See Omega Execution Order for full list of all parties, to include members of Royal Army SAS, CANSOFCOM, US Army, and US Navy SEALs, all with individual specialties. What follows is the transcript from interview between LT Brachan and SSGT Sims.

LT: This is Lieutenant Arnold Brachan, US Army, PSYOPS, conducting debrief of British Sergeant Dylan Sims. Sergeant Sims returned from Omega site Foxtrot, with almost similar results to Alpha, Bravo, and Echo sites. All ammunition expended, but as the sole survivor, insofar as he still has his vision. I was asked to conduct this interview as Omega is on American soil at time of mission T plus three days seven hours and (pause) thirty-two minutes. To recap, Charlie and Delta sites had zero survivors, the latter due to total overwhelming force destroying all operators, the former because all operators pulled their sidearms to, as mortician's reports relay very unprofessionally, eat a whole magazine. Let's see how Echo varies.

(Sound of door opening, footsteps, door closes. Chair is scraped along floor.)

LT: Sergeant Sims, I'm Lieutenant- -

SSGT: I don't care who you are, guv. Let's just get this over with.

Pause.

LT: Alright, Sarge. Can you first tell me what happened to your eye?

SSGT: What, they didn't tell you, this time? The bitch ripped it out of my head. Told me God gave me a spare. (Scoff.) With a c******* like that, it makes me wonder if we're just a f*******' joke to God, now.

LT: Easy on the profanity, soldier, I'm just trying to figure this out. No, I wasn't fully briefed. But, please, continue. 

SSGT: She spared us, Leftenant, plain and simple. We fired everything we had at her, and she just stood there and took it. Every single round. Except...

LT: Except what, Sarge?

SSGT: We did everything we were trained to do, Leftenant, but we couldn't even get a single round close. I stayed in the deer hide those, what do you call them, rednecks had built in those woods. A fifty cal bullet didn't even come close to her skin. And I emptied three clips.

LT: Magazines, Sarge.

SSGT: Who's telling the story, you stupid git? (Pause) Were you even there?

LT: (Pause) No, I wasn't. I apologize. Continue.

SSGT: All those rounds gave a perfect heat haze to launch javelins at her, and they exploded on target. When the smoke finally cleared, she was still standing there, nary a scratch on the bitch. All the bullets were around her in a perfect sphere, and then they all just dropped around her. Some of the shrapnel landed harmlessly into her hair. I was watching though the scope, and I just saw her jaw moving.

LT: Are you able to read lips, Sarge?

SSGT: Yes, I am. Part of my training as a sniper, sir.

LT: What did she say? 

SSGT: She said, "My turn." I kept looking through the scope to track her movements, but she didn't move. Instead I started hearing screams from the field. The screams started getting closer, but I realize now that it was just a chain of men from her to me, but she didn't move. I felt my fifty ripped from my hands, and she was right in front of me in the deer blind. In a panic, I tried to grab my sidearm, but my hand wouldn't pull the weapon free. Then my spotter started screaming. I looked, and he was clawing at his eyes, but the sockets were just a mass of blood. 

(Pause.)

SSGT: She said the most chilling thing next that actually made my blood run cold. 

LT: What's that? 

SSGT: She told me, "You'll need to lead your fellows home, soldier, as you have the sight to do so. Tell them, I've had enough. You won't leave me in peace, then I'll take my peace however I must." That was when she physically ripped my eye out. Unlike Eric, I didn't feel any pain. She just reached up and, yoink, I lose half my vision.

LT: She wanted you cognizant?

SSGT: Near as I can tell, yes. She then told me we have three days.

LT: (Pause) Three days for what?

SSGT: Ever kill a cobra? The only way to really do so is to cut off the head. The rest of the snake just writes for hours until the body figures out it's dead.

(Sound of many footsteps. Door slams open. Lance Corporal Anita Sandoval intrudes on the recording. Sounds of shouting can be heard, voices unknown.)

LCPL: Sir, we're evacuating the Pentagon. Whiskey Hotel is now a crater!

Recording ends.