"...hi?" 

I looked from the floating blue man to my dog and back. "Uh, did he..."

The genie raised his head in an affirmative nod. "Indeed. I am now bound in service to... Pickles, I believe you named him." He glanced at his master, who was sleeping on his back, all four legs pointing to the ceiling. "I am his to command, until his 3 wishes are granted."

"How... um..." I began.

"Precisely" the genie said, folding his muscular blue arms across his chest. "I can attempt to interpret his desires, but it seems he only wants snuggles."

I walked inside my apartment and closed the door. The sound woke Pickles, who jumped in surprise and glee. He did his usual yip and bounce routine, running laps around my legs. 

The genie looked between his master and I. "I can feel his desire strongly. Maybe this will allow me to grant his wishes and free myself."

"Sure, sounds reasonable to me". I said, "as reasonable as a genie bound to a dog is concerned."

The genie nodded, then glowed a deep purple briefly. 

A mass of bacon appeared before Pickles, sizzling and crispy and perfect. Pickles dove into his newfound fortune like Scrooge McDuck dove into his gold filled pool. 

"Yeah, that's what I figured he'd wish for." I said, heading to the kitchen for a drink. "So thats one. What are his other wishes?" 

The genie turned purple once more. A massive bone materialized where my coffee table once stood. Pickles looked up from his bacon, and excitedly hopped over to his next prize. 

"Is that..." I asked, peering closer at the bone. 

"Brontosaurus thigh bone, yes." The genie confirmed. "Both this and the bacon will regenerate over time, neither overwhelming you or depriving you of the treats."

"Cool, but did you have to use my coffee table for that?" I asked. 

He nodded. "It was necessary. Besides, that table clashed with the rest of the room. The bone actually improves the layout, in my opinion."

I sighed. "Not gonna argue with a magical man, but I need a table there." I walked back to the front door and grabbed my keys from the hook. "I'll run to Ikea and get a new one real quick."

Pickles looked up from his ancient yet fresh dinosaur bone and whined. The genie flashed the deep magic purple one final time. 

"It is done. I am free from servitude. Thank you." He raised his arms and watched as his shackles fell away, a free being once more. 

"What was his last wish?" I asked as I put my jacket back on. 

"He did not want you to leave." The genie said, and vanished with a purple puff of smoke. 

I tried to open the door to leave, trying to think of which tables I could afford to replace the vacancy with. The handle didn't budge. I grabbed it with both hands and twisted, but it didn't move a micron. 

Realization hit as the genies words finally sunk in to my brain. "Pickles...what have you done?"

Pickles yipped in joy, then dove back into his bacon pile. 

r/SlightlyColdStories for more