"A trial by Fyre," Gwyn declared. "Literally."

She was standing in the aftermath of a volcanic eruption. Ashes blanketed the earth, remnants of lava flowed between the cracks of the ground, and smoke rose in trails around her. She wore a Fyre mage's vestments: red, fully sleeved, but loose enough to allow for quick movement.

Standing beside her is Lord Eshin, Grandmaster of Watyr Magic—her new apprentice. 

It was unsettling to see him in Fyre apprentice robes, but he didn't look any less regal. Even though he wasn't in his usual gold-trimmed vestments, being a Grandmaster gave him a presence that can't be shaken off by a change of wardrobe. _His sagely beard_ does _look quite out of place,_ Gwyn thought.

"You didn't bring your Frost Tome, right?"

"Yes," Eshin responded. "I am taking this _quite_ seriously, Master Gwyn."

"Oh please, you don't need to call me 'Master' every time. It's crazy enough that you're my apprentice, but I guess it can't be helped if I'm the only Fyre mage in the country."

"Nonsense. We shall respect the traditions, _Master_ Gwyn."

_That'll take some getting used to,_ Gwyn thought. The two of them were facing the recently erupted volcano. Whenever a large-scale natural disaster like this happens, gremlins usually appear in droves—similar to how mosquitos start to multiply after heavy rainfalls. Gwyn decided that this was the perfect opportunity to see what the Watyr Grandmaster was capable of when it comes to Fyre.

"Alright, the gremlins will come any minute now," Gwyn said. "Draw in as much Spirit as you can from the lava flow."

Gwyn inhaled, channeling the energy—the Spirit—from the heat of the lava. Streaks of glowing light streamed into her body. She felt the Fyre within, burning, waiting to be channeled out.

She turned to check on Eshin. He was breathing in, but the streaks of light were weak, struggling to channel themselves.

"Remember Eshin," Gwyn said, "you're channeling _Fyre_ now. You're not drawing in the cold anymore. You need to take in the _heat_ of the lava."

The Grandmaster closed his eyes and tried again. He inhaled, and stronger streaks of light flowed into him. 

"There you go! Not too bad, right?"

"Thank you, Master Gwyn. It still feels odd, however. It will take some time for me to adjust to this... burning sensation."

"Well, you better adjust fast, 'cause here come the gremlins."

Small, ugly creatures crawled out of the volcano's lip. One by one they jumped out, orienting themselves with their surroundings. They had a demon-like appearance, with fangs that protruded out of their mouth, and claws coming out of their forelegs.

"I have fought these creatures a million times before, but never have I fought them without Watyr," Eshin said.

"You'll be fine. I might not be a Grandmaster, but I'm confident I can protect you. I can't let my apprentice die on me now, can I?"

Eshin snickered. Gwyn _was_ pretty good with Fyre already, but there was so much she didn't yet understand. She kept the Flame Tome close to her. It was both a book of knowledge and a source of Spirit. She didn't really need it with all the lava around, but it has become her lucky charm.

"Remember Eshin, you're no longer summoning Watyr weapons. You're—"

A loud shriek cut through the air. The gremlins have finally spotted them.

"They're coming," Gwyn said.

A whole mass of gremlins was running their way, fangs bared, clawed legs propelling them forward.

"What were you going to say, Master Gwyn?"

"Explosions, Eshin!" Gwyn said, keeping her eyes on the gremlins. "No weapons. Just explosions!"

She thrust her arms backward, palms facing away from her, channeling Fyre to her hands. She controlled the sparks just enough to create small explosions that propelled her forward. Midway, she adjusted the angle of her arms downward, palms facing the ground, then flew into the air. 

She shot upwards, the wind blowing her hair. She spun at the apex of her flight, then started descending, targetting the center of a cluster of gremlins. The creatures looked up at her, poised to lunge.

They barely had time to react as Gwyn _detonated_ the entire cluster of gremlins, channeling a large amount of Fyre into the explosion. The blast sent waves across the rest of the gremlin army.

She landed on one knee, ash and gremlin blood staining her trousers, then glanced around to look for Eshin. He was to her far left, fighting off gremlins with several uncontrolled explosions—some too small that it didn't do anything, while others too big that it propelled him backward.

"Steady, Eshin!" Gwyn shouted. "You don't need to cast at the same speed you do for Watyr. Remember—controlled explosions!"

Unlike Fyre, Watyr normally required faster casting. Watyr mages would channel the magic by conjuring weapons, but the weapons themselves had the attributes of liquid. If they cast too slowly, the weapons would simply deform and splash to the ground. However, if they cast quickly enough, they could create projectiles or slashing weapons that maintain their shape through sheer speed, creating a deadlier attack.

That principle, however, doesn't usually work as well for Fyre if the user didn't know how to control their explosions yet.

Eshin was now surrounded by gremlins. His experience as a Grandmaster has given him great battle instincts which allowed him to dodge the gremlins' attacks. However, the mass of creatures was growing bigger, the circle closing in on him despite his explosions.

"I'm coming for you, Eshin!" Gwyn said as she propelled herself towards the group. She just had to get closer and—

A massive boom.

Eshin was launched into the air. A huge chunk of the gremlins was decimated by the detonation. But after a big blast like that...

_He's out of Spirit._

She took a running start and then quickly propelled herself up into the air, matching the velocity that Eshin was at. She was off by a few degrees, but it was enough to catch the Grandmaster.

"Goodness!" Eshin exclaimed as Gwyn grabbed him. "Thank you, Master Gwyn. I _was_ perfectly fine though. I drew in Spirit from the lava's heat before I created that huge explosion."

_Right,_ Gwyn thought, _Grandmaster._

They descended, and Gwyn created a few miniature explosions to soften their fall. 

She let go of Eshin, and they both stared out at the remaining gremlins. After the two massive blasts, there were only an insignificant few of them left.

"So, _Master_ Gwyn, how was my performance?"

"Eh, you did okay. We'll need to work more on your rudiments. Your explosions were still pretty clumsy."

"Ha!" Eshin chuckled. "You sound just like your father. He would have laughed boisterously at me had he seen my pathetic channeling."

"Yeah, well," Gwyn said, "he should've been the one to teach you all this."

Eshin paused. "Grandmaster Willyn has lived a long, fulfilled life. I am sure he would have been proud of the Fyre mage that you have become."

Gwyn closed her eyes, then nodded. "Thanks, Eshin."

The sun was starting to set, and the gremlins have begun spreading out.

"Shall we finish the lesson, Master Gwyn?"

Gwyn looked at Eshin. "Let's kill some gremlins."

---

I hope you liked this story! Please feel free to leave feedback as it will help me a lot in my journey to becoming a better writer! Join r/NovaLevelStories to see more stories, author's notes, and learn this story's magic system!