The last thing Nozomi remembered was her body acting on instinct, leaping out onto a road to save an inattentive high schooler from an incoming truck. There was the pain afterwards, but it cut off abruptly, like a television losing electricity.

She never thought much about death. It was the sort of thing that people without things to do did. Nozomi felt that she couldn’t afford the time to do so. A life with a husband and children was not one for the faint of heart.

When she could think again, there was only one thing she could worry about.

“Shoot,” Nozomi whispered. “I don’t think I’ll be able to cook dinner today.”

The next was a sort of relief mingled with terror. Why was she… alive?

A sudden flash of fireworks shot out from the darkness around her, causing her to yelp, her hands shooting to her mouth. Celebratory trumpets began to play, and a blue swirl of energy materialized right in front of her. A woman of impossible beauty and proportions stepped through, wearing an outfit that seemed three sizes too small, and then an over-enthusiastic child was allowed to have a run at it with scissors. Thin bands of bright blue wrapped around the important bits, but the colour paled in comparison to her glowing hair, crackling with energy, and bluer than the skies.

Amidst the fanfare, the woman flourished with a glamorous hand.

“Welcome, young hero! I am the goddess Cobalt, and I need your help to save…”

The woman glanced at Nozomi, the new arrival, who meekly waved.

“You aren’t a young man,” the woman said. There was a sort of permeating, world-shaking shock that would be considered abnormal for such a matter-of-fact statement.

“I am not,” Nozomi said, bowing politely. “Nozomi Arai.”

The goddess hesitantly bowed back in a move that betrayed lack of practice.

“Cobalt,” she said. “Ummm. This isn’t supposed to happen. A young man, of about high school age, should be the one here.”

“Oh,” Nozomi said. “I think I saved him. From a truck.”

“Oh no,” the goddess said. “Oh no no no. What have you done?”

“Saved a life. I wasn’t expecting gratitude or anything, but you made it sound suspiciously like I did something wrong.”

“This isn’t how it works,” the goddess said, her hands barely managing to get themselves on her chin. “There should be a teenage boy. I was going to bring him to an exciting world of hot-blooded adventure and even hotter-blooded women.”

Nozomi politely thought that it sounded too much like a fantasy. She stood by, waiting for Cobalt to finish muttering to herself, but there was an endless stream of complaints and what-ifs that shot out of her mouth.

“I don’t know if you should be the one I’m asking,” Nozomi said. “But I would really like to go home, if I’m still alive.”

“Out of the question,” Cobalt said. “You are here. We have to make to do with it.”

A loud finger snap muted the room, turning off the loud lights and bright music.

“Nozomi Arai. You are to be the hero of this fantasy world. I am the goddess Cobalt. And you will… save it… from the… Dark Lord.”

“Sounds fun,” Nozomi said. “But it seems like a foregone conclusion.”

“It kind of is,” Cobalt pouted. “We can’t make the world too hard. Or the player gives up. It’s not pretty.”

“Look, I’m still not quite sure what’s going on, but I’m sure I can help you out,” Nozomi said. “There’s no need to coddle me, dear.”

“Oh,” Cobalt actually smiled, before her face took on a serious tone. “That’s true.”

“The Dark Lord? What happens if I defeat him? Do I get to go home?”

“I don’t know. Nobody’s ever wanted to. They just stay in this fantasy world, and live out the rest of their lives as the top dog.”

“That’s nice,” Nozomi agreed. “But I do really need to be getting back.”

“Fine,” Cobalt said. “You’re here anyway. Defeat the Dark Lord if you can. In the meantime, I’ll see if I can put in a request at admin for you.”

“Thank you,” Nozomi smiled.

“Oh,” the goddess said, tossing a sword at her, which Nozomi struggled to catch properly. “Take this. I’m supposed to tell you to train with it, since the boys tend to be physically inept specimens, unable to unlock its true power. But I think you’ll be fine with it.”

Nozomi held onto the blade. Somehow, the handle conformed to her hand perfectly, and she swung the thing top to down. Then sideways. Then diagonally, each getting faster and faster, a flurry of blows that could almost cut air. She didn’t thinking just holding onto something could feel this good.

“Wow,” Nozomi said. “That is nice.”

“Indeed,” Cobalt smiled. “Well, then. Welcome to Azure, and see you soon.”

---

r/dexdrafts