You have heard that there is a villain in a convenience store. As you are superjumping your way to the scene, you see a crowd around the convenience store, laughing and talking, with coke and hamburgers in their hands. Among them is a TV station man with a camera.  
  
'You're out of pickles!!!!!!!'  
  
Hey! You're out of Coke! Bring it in quick!!!!"  
  
How about a bet that the villain of the day gets 1.2x the money for 30 seconds, 1.5x for 1 minute, 10x for 5 minutes, to see how long he can fight! You can start with as little as $1! Come on! I got it, I got it, I got it!  
  
Will you be able to enjoy today's battle for long? I'm counting on it!"  
  
As usual, there was a noisy crowd, but I ignored them, and I fired my special move, a super beam, into the crotch of the villain who was floating in mid-air. Immediately the battle was about to end, the betting crowd threw empty cans at me, and the TV station people signaled that the crotch attack was not good, so I had to stop the broadcast.  
  
The uncool villain holding his crotch yelled to the crowd around him.  
  
'Listen up, you ungrateful brats!  
  
The crowd is abuzz.  
  
'Listen up, you ungrateful brats!  
  
Crowd is still noisy. Oops, looks like someone just burped loudly.  
  
"Listen up, you ungrateful little bastards!"  
  
Perhaps the reiteration has worked, because the crowd stops screaming.  
  
'Why, why do you people always do that! We're the ones doing the wrong thing, and no one calls the police! And no one calls the fire department! Even though we look forward to your screams over here, you get mad over the number of pickles and get up over the amount of Coke!!!!"  
  
The crowd pouts.  
  
'So do you!!!! Why do you always use your special move the moment you have one!!!! You're supposed to take more time to fight, and then use your special move when it's the right moment! Look at that! The underlings there in their all-black tights are out of work, so they're playing with their smart phones! Even the monsters are sleeping!  
  
You guys need to learn more about heroics! There's more like this, right? Look, heroes who can use a bow well, heroes who don't use a shield as a shield... what about that one? It's not for you... Anyway! Anyway, go watch more heroes! You know what I mean! I'm going to the hospital now to get checked out!  
  
You are the peacekeeper of the city today. That's cool!  
  
Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)