"One word...Cheeseburger!" shouted Larry the Mimic to his other fellow mimics. 

The entire group of mimics promptly looked at him as he made his way in the lair of mimics. The chief mimic Joe welcomed him back and asked him with an air of confusion, "...come back Larry, how was your journey within the realm of humans. Did you find anything that we can use to better catch them in the dungeons...also What..the..hell is a Cheeseburger?"

Larry approached Joe and started telling his journey within the Human Realm. He sounded very joyous and giddy to be able to tell his tale.

"Gather around everyone, let me tell you the story of Cheeseburger."

Larry went on to tell how he entered the Human Realm from the Forest entrance. The first thing he did was turn into a rock and observe them. They appeared almost comical in how they walked on the their two legs. He said that they all were walking into this weird building that had a big yellow M sign above it and how they came out with little brown paper bags.

He saw humans sitting by the bench outside the forest, open the bags to bring out these weird circular things and eat them. 

All the mimics looked at Larry with a look of disgust. One asked "You mean they don't eat dungeon animals? Why are they always hunting them then? That's disgusting!"

Larry responded calmly and told them to hold till he finishes his story to make any judgements.

He went on to continue his story about the M building. At one point Larry said that he got closer to see what was inside. "They exchange coins for those circular food things" he told his peers. 

"Wait you mean these useless shiny metals that we keep pooping, what a bunch of weirdos."  said Joe the chief mimic.

"Yup those are them." Larry responded

Larry then told his peers that he went on to turn into a human to see what those weird circular things were. So poof he turned, gathered some of the shiny metal he pooped and off he went inside, through the doors of the M building.

"Welcome to McDonalds, how may I take your order" greeted the McDonald worker. Larry just blankly stared at the woman, he showed his hand of coins and pointed to the picture on the wall of the weird circular things.

"Would you like a Cheeseburger, sir" responded the worker. Larry with a confused look pointed more furiously while doing a strange yes nod.

The worker told Larry that it was $3, Larry extended his hand forward. The woman asked " Do you want me to grab it out of your palm sir?" Larry responded by further extending his hand. 

The woman looked at Larry with a strange look but grabbed the correct amount of coin from his hand.

"It'll be 2 minutes sir." she went on to tell him.

Larry waited, then 2 minutes later, the woman approached him and handed him his bag. Larry proceeded to grab it and run outside into the forest.

When he reached the forest, he leaned against a tree, opened the bag and pulled out a circular thing wrapped in a white paper. He opened the wrapper and was met with a beautiful scent. He saw these golden circular things with a yellow melted square with a couple of brown nice smelling circles in between. 

The smell itself was euphoric for Larry. He went on to take a bite and was met with Heaven. He demolished the Circle thing in less than a minute.

Larry wanted more, so we went over to the M shaped buildings a few times after that until he was summoned back to the Lair.

"Hmmmm intriguing" said Chief Joe. "Larry, are you sure you were not put in an illusion?" he asked

Larry said no. He then told Chief Joe that he will be returning to the human world to keep living as one of them as those things called Cheeseburgers were the only thing he can live with from now on.

Before Chief Joe had time to respond, Larry pulled out some Cheeseburgers for everyone to taste.

\-----

This is the tale on how Mimics no longer lived in dungeons as chest but instead as Humans addicted to Cheeseburgers