Gasps of shocks and curses pervade the zeppelin as everyone stares at me. My next seat neighbour, a rude manspreading orc until now, suddenly tries to act all cute and funny, simpering at me obsequiously

I sigh. 

If I had known this, I would have worn my necromancer badge right after I boarded this crampy airship. My shoulders aches from sitting in the cramped window seat where I had to concede most of my paid sitting space to that brute of an orc. 

"Lady, er... sorry, did you just say that you were...?", the elven airhostess who had shimmied out of nowhere looked at me in tredipation. The other fellow passengers mirrored her expression as they waited for my reply in bated breath.

"Yeah, I am a licensed necromancer", I say rising from my seat. With a snap of my finger, I change back to my necromancer attire - a shadow cloak, necklace of the dead umbral cobra, horned helm made of gryphon skull and my monocle of doom. "Necromancer mage of the third order and here is my badge. What seems to be the issue?", I demand casually even as I glide to the front searching for the source of the earlier scream. Someone needed a doctor. They are going to get one.

"Er... never you mind my lady.  I am sure it is just flight sickness. You see, he has been vomiting is all", the airhostess tries to assuage me but I am already past her. I have already located my next vic.. patient.. a pale bespectacled middle aged man who turned even paler when he looked at me.

"My poor man, why you look as pale as a specter from the wasted lands. Do not worry sir, here let me take a look"

"Whaa...?" , he looked at me in terror.

"Ah yes", I nod as I pry open his jaws with my tong made of exquisite hydra bones. "No wonder, a lost cause if I ever saw one", I shake my head morbidly.

"Whaaaghh?...", he questions unintelligibly as I adjust my monocle lens and peer through it.

"I see the spread of decay, the fading of life. The rotting of life is often portended by the spreading of these particularly sinister microsmal organisms. I see it as death itself. Yes, my fated monocle makes it all clearer for me to see. I am afraid you are dying sir.  No doctor can save you"

"He seemed fine an hour back. I am sure he...", a possible friend of my patient starts, but wither away under my glare. Smart guy. A bad friend though.

"Indeed, no doctor can save you", I carry on as though I was never interrupted. "Lucky for you, I aint no doc", I wink at him conspiratorially. "For a meagre contract of 3 years service, I offer you the immortality of undead with just the minor negligible side effect of slightly reduced cognitive functions. What say you dear?"

"Iyaayi!!"

I remove the pair of tongs from his mouth. "Care to repeat?"

"I have a wife!! Please let me be"

"Not to worry. Your libido would remain utterly unaffected by the process. In fact, its quite the opposite. The whole point of being a ghoul is about having this insatiable craving for carnality...", I launch my practiced sales pitch. Things a necromancer had to do to survive here!

The laws are quite strict in the empire and that was why there were none amongst the civilization. The necromancers were required to get voluntary consent from any undead they create. The blasphemy! They might have just as well banned them altogether. No wonder my peers stayed away from civilization.

After five minutes, the man is spitting blood and screaming. 

Good. The poisoned bone tong of hydra has done its job. At first, it causes insufferable pain and then it numbs down the cerebral activity making the victim easily susceptible to my suggestions.

Few minutes later, I walk back to my seat happily having earned my first undead contract inside the empire.The orc is nowhere to be seen. I shrug and sprawl myself across the two seats.

Sure, things were easier in the forbidden forests but one has to be flexible and open minded to prosper. Being a citizen of the empire does bring with it the benefits of civilization, one that was denied to my peers in the wasted lands. 

Its time for me to learn, expand and prosper. To everlasting undeath! I am Stella, the first necromancer citizen of the empire.

to be continued...?