“I am not going to just upload my spells to your console if that’s what you were expecting” The journeyman strictly tells the wizard much his senior. 

Since the beginning of the empires history, and truly long before that, spells have existed and that was it.  Your master uploaded them to your console and bang you could cast the spell. The difference between Wizards was never the spells they had access to but how quickly they could cast them and the quality of the cast spell. A Grandmaster, like the wizard here today, and an Apprentice know the exact same spells, only a Grandmaster can cast a dozen spells at once and have them be much larger just because of the pure power they can put in them. 

“What do you mean? Why else am I here? That bastard of a grandmaster of fire just told me I was here to learn new spells. It seemed like he had finally given up on keeping all the fire spells to himself, but I guess that was just a farce.” The grandmaster clearly isn’t pleased by this journeyman’s actions. 

“Now now, these aren’t the normal spells at all. You know the incomprehensible symbols on your console?”

“Of course, I know them much better than a fool like you, only reaching journeyman by 50 years of age. And what on earth are you going on about, new spells my ass!”

“I have figured out there meaning! I hovered on the rank of apprentice for years focusing my entire attention on decoding these words of magic along side my late master. I have the ability to make new unique spells by altering existing spells, and I even discovered new unique magic that doesn’t even have a type! Why else do you think the Grandmaster of Fire told you to come to me to get fire spells when he could of easily taught you himself?”

“Unique magic? Altering existing spells? I am no fool I must see to believe!” 

A spell materialized on the journeyman’s hand. If not for the grandmaster keeping magic sense always active he would never of been able to sense the ball of mana on the young man’s hand. “By comparing all the existing fire spells my master figured out which line turned the mana into fire. It was me however who figured out how to remove it without the spell collapsing. This is almost useless however as pure mana since it’s harmless against non-magic materials. This changes when you shape it however,” the ball shoulders and changes into the a flat disc “The spell originally calls for the spell to pull on the ambient mana in the surroundings equally from all directions. I editing it after four months to make it a into the shape of a disc.” He adds the fire line back into the spell and it burst to life and he sends it off and it cuts deep into the wall and begins to melt the brick, “I have already shared this knowledge with the Grandmaster of fire and asked for him to send for you so you I can teach you the language of code. I have reached as far as I could alone. I know my master would of wished for me to keep it to myself but this knowledge needs to be known to allow our stagnant culture to finally come again grow! Maybe one day the entire language will be deciphered and we as wizard will be able to create spells for purposes other than destruction. Instead of drowning your opponents in an oceans worth of water you could allow entire forests to spring to life in a single moment!”