Kenny downed his latest cup of coffee, drinking it like it was water. He desperately needed the caffeine, craved the taste, all under the watchful eyes of Samantha, who raised her eyebrows at his alarming speed.

“Tough night?”

“That transparent, huh?” Kenny smiled. “Is today a busy day?”

Samantha chuckled and scanned the cafe thoroughly.

“Hmm. Not really. Something on your mind again?”

“I’m sorry for dumping this on you yet again,” Kenny said, dragging his chair closer to the table and sitting upright. “But are you willing to hear me out?”

Samantha smiled, placing her chin in her upright hands.

“For you? Any day, darling.”

Kenny flashed a wide smile, in hopes that it looked as good as it felt. It should. He’s practised that a lot, publicly or privately.

“Is it because of my endearing charm and good looks?”

“It’s because the amount of coffee you buy single-handedly pays for my entire shift.”

“Well,” Kenny shrugged. “Generosity, then.”

“Fair enough.”

“But really. My boss,” Kenny groaned. Said boss was Heartman, the city’s most prominent superhero, real name Lancer Hartman. Kenny ran a hand through his hair, and shook his head.

“He just can’t seem to settle things. He’s always hemming and hawing about his rival, and I know he’s really capable! But he just can’t seem to get it over the finish line.”

“I understand, Kenny,” Samantha said. “My boss, too.”

“Your boss? Charlie?”

Kenny looked behind the counter, watching Charlie wipe down the coffee machines. It was less of a job, and more of an obsession with her. Whenever there was downtime, a cloth inadvertently found itself in her hands. Kenny wondered if that could possibly be a superpower.

“Oh, not Charlie,” Samantha waved it off. “She’s great. Clean freak, but great. My other boss. From this other part-time job.”

“Interesting. What do you mean, too?”

“She’s just milling around. She always says she wants to take over the… how do I say this? Other business?” Samantha said, scrunchign up her face. “But she might as well just be wringing her hands in knots for all the good that’s done.”

Kenny sighed.

“I feel you. I wonder what it’ll take for the whole affair to end. It’s simply not good for productivity, I’ll tell you that.”

“Right! We could be doing so much more. All that dough, just laying about, unused and untouched.”

“Dough. A bakery?”

“Something like that,” Samantha said. “Look, I’m getting off shift in about half an hour. Wanna grab dinner?”

Kenny’s eyes and ears, however, were unfortunately drawn to the TV screen above the counter. Heartman was front and center, a camera trained on his every move. Opposite him was the city’s greatest villain—the Wet Witch.

Samantha turned, looking at the TV as well. She swivelled back with a grimace on her face.

“Duty calls?”

“What?” Kenny said.

“Oh,” Samantha muttered. “I have to go serve a customer. See you another time?”

Kenny stared at the screen, trying to ascertain the location of Heartman. He checked his watch, surreptitiously reaching underneath and flipping it to its actual side—the HeartSignal. Nothing. He stared at the screen again.

“Another stalemate,” he muttered.

“You know what, Sam?” Kenny said, clearing his throat. “I’ll love to take you out to dinner. Really.”

Samantha, who had half stood up and was also staring at the screen, turned in surprise. Her eyes flitted back and forth, before resting on Kenny.

“Of course,” Samantha giggled. “Could I trouble you to pay for my meal?”

“Don’t you think it’s time for a little payback from you?” Kenny laughed.

“Time and place, Kenny,” Samantha said. “Time and place.”

---

r/dexdrafts