All eyes turned towards Creamy Honeypuff, the squad's therapeutic consultant.

"You know us better than anyone else sir, anyone seem off to you?"

Creamy would sit there for a moment, contemplating the question given to him. He would then begin staring at the General.

Visceral was a slightly older man. A scar running from his forehead and across his left eye, he was not pleasing man to stare at. He had a face of iron, quite literally, as his lower jaw had also been blown off in his younger years and was replaced with a prosthetic. If Visceral has a tongue, he'd have swallowed right then. He had been avoiding his therapy sessions for awhile now, and it was because he was feeling guilty for being the mole. Visceral was tired of the fighting though, he just wanted this war to be over so he could retire, and if that meant giving the enemy key positions and strategies, so be it.

Honey would eventually shake his head, slowly turning to the right, bringing his eyes to meet the Private's. Private Bloodgore could only look down in shame in response. 

Bloodgore had been in service for almost 2 years. Looking at him, you probably wouldn't be able to tell what was originally him anymore, considering all the skin grafts and blood transfusions he required after being shot, stabbed, burned, and blown up  on more fingers then he certainly still had. Deep down, Bloodgore was a very sensitive man though. He actually hated fighting, especially for the army. He was really only here because he just wanted to escape from thinking about his family. He knew Honey knew that, how the Private certainly wasn't loyal to the army he was fighting for. It you put that and the fact he knew how to handle a radio together...

Honeypuff would once again turn, seemingly going down the line staring at Lieutenant Organsmash. Now there was man's man. He certainly knew how to kill, and with enough explosives ingrained into his body to level an entire city, no one was going to stop him.That's probably why he stared back at the counselor with such defiance. So what if he decided to sell a few military blueprints for some quick cash, it's not like anyone could stop him. Trying would likely turn them into red paste against the wall. He was probably going to walk out of here as soon as this was over and go sell a few more, he needed the damn gambling money anyways.

Like clockwork, Honeypuff turned to Sergeant Bonesplosion. A man who's wiry frame didn't seem to fit his name whatsoever. Bonesplosion only used that to his advantage though. A sociopath uses whatever he can to get what he wants, and Bonesplosion always got what he wanted. He played both sides, they were both mere pawns to him anyways. He was on a divine mission from the god of chaos himself to torture all those Bonesplosion saw fit. Everyone here were his playthings, and soon his plans would come to fruition...

Honeypuff would finally turn to the Commander. Killmurder and Honeypuff had been good friends ever since the two of them met. Which is why he was nervous that Honeypuff would someday find out he was the mole all along. When he was told to investigate these claims and have Honeypuff evaluate everyone, his heart sank. He was sure Honeypuff would see through him someday, and the line of questioning from him these past few months was only another warning. It was too late to bug out now..

"Commander, everyone in this room are fine examples of loyal soldiers to the Cuddlebuddy empire. Any accusations given to you must have come either from a false source to spread mistrust and doubt or are from the spy themselves. Either way, if you find such a traitor, make sure to give them a serious time out!"