There's a certain existential dread in knowing that you'll never die. Which is a bit oxymoronic and dramatic, but eh - I'm writing this on the back of a leaf that no longer exists using the burnt charcoal of the world's first smoldering campfire. I can be a bit dramatic. 

I was an addict; I remember that. I was addicted to things that made me see stars and understand secrets long kept. I chased highs and wanted to live in a world I saw between lost moments. I don't remember my name - but I can remember how those elixirs made me feel. 

I remember that they made me feel powerful, strong, alive. 
 
 I remember wishing I could feel that way forever. 

I hate that I got my wish. 

It's been so long - I can't tell you how I got here. I've talked myself into insanity and come out the other side. I've been a God in a religion of one, and for a short lifetime, I was the lightning that fell from heaven. I've cursed at the sky, and in mind-rending moments the sky cursed back. 
 
 It's not all bad - the night sky has been a new universe every night. Humanity really did - will poison the earth. I've seen stars and galaxies being born. The boon of immortality is that you lose your sense of time - I used to measure time by the passing of the sun and moon - but eventually, even that becomes a cacophony of meaningless movement. 

For some time now - I've watched a small dot in the sky become larger and larger. In the back of my head - I know what it means, and what it means for the world that has thrived so far. 

Part of me almost feels sorry for them. Almost. While I will mourn for the lost civilization of these wandering behemoths. I wait with anticipation for humanity to spring forth. 

 Until then - I bask in the beautiful destruction of a world so beautiful. The comet's heat has already begun to burn the edges of the dying horizon. The smell of burning flesh wafts delicious in the hazy evening air. 

_ 
 
 A few millennia from now, an old god will look back at this moment and smile.