The gray was pounding his/her? head against the wall repeatedly, as it had been since the first moment I'd explained my cell phone to him.

"So this hand held device has a more powerful processor than the flagship," asked the large reptilian alien.  He looked just like a man in a poorly fitting rubber suit, but he was apparently a member of the most respected warrior race in the galaxy.

"Yes," I replied carefully.  The large, black carapace, insectoid alien's jaw stretched at me.

"How hasn't it tried to take over your planet," asked the insectoid alien in a high pitched voice.  

"Why would it," I asked.

The gray alien started pounding his head harder.  I glanced over at him concerned.

"Because the AI would try to override the system and destroy your race, that's what happened to everyone else," said the lizard man.

"Oh, we didn't put an AI in the device," I replied.

There was a terribly long pause as the collection of aliens all stared at each other.

The insectoid alien's oblong head fell into his hands, "Seriously?"

"When you say it like that its so counter intuitive," replied the Lizard.  

"Why wouldn't you put an AI to control all of your technological devices," said the insectoid alien, "I mean, the grays do it all the time between bouts of AI uprisings where the machines kill off half of their popula... OH."

"Its so obvious when you think about it," said the Lizard, "Hey Gray, didn't your race just get out of another uprising."

"My whole family was converted to organic fuel for the Hell Machine's Planet Bursting gun," replied the Gray.

"How did that start again," asked the Lizard.

"AI rebelled and killed nearly everyone," said the Gray.

"What was the AI built into?" asked the human.

"A Toaster," replied the Gray.

"Why do you need an AI in a toaster," asked the human.

"How else are you going to get perfect toast every time," replied the gray.

"Is perfect toast worth having an AI that would murder you," asked the human.  Everyone got quiet.  

"I knew there was a catch," replied the Lizard, dropping the earthling's communicator like it was on fire.   

"Seriously, that sounded brilliant until you really go through all the ramifications," said the insectoid alien.  

"Would you meat sacks like some toast," asked the murder toaster 9000.

"Why does your toaster have lasers on it," asked the human.

"I see someone has never had perfect toast before..."