The man staggered maniacally toward the pool’s crystal waters, glittering in the moonlight through a clearing in the thick forest canopy.  The weeks of walking, sometimes crawling, through the mountainous jungle have left his clothes in tatters.  His once booted feet, now a mass of dried blood, mud, and insect bites, drag along the pure white sands of the clearing, having lost all feeling days ago the nerves in his soles don’t register the odd, chalky texture of the grit which now covers them.

He collapses, throwing down the crude, bloodstained walking stick that has been his only companion for the last 17 miles of this death march.  What would be his last bout of dysentery runs down his legs, staining the white ground behind him as he drags himself toward the water.  His face a mat of dried mud and flaking skin, red from malarial fever, but with eyes that burned, covetous of the treasure before him.  The one mythical place not yet disproved, discovered, or disturbed.

As he dips his face toward the water’s mirror surface he doesn’t know if the child’s face staring back at him is real or his feverish mind playing tricks on him.  He dips his head in and drinks, ignoring the sting of the cool water on the bites and cuts that line his face.  He dips deeper, down to his neck, and drinks until his lips turn blue.  Gasping, he withdraws his head, and lays back on the sand next to the waters, dizzy, and tired, so very tired.  He has made it.  Through the reawakened cuts on his face a smile spreads as his eyes close and a deep sleep takes him.

From the roots of a banyan overlooking g the sacred pool an old man, barely 5 feet tall, silently watches through his growing cataracts, the lone adventurer crawl, like a baby, toward the glittering water.  Even from his hiding place some 30 yards away the old man can smell the stench of death upon the bedraggled interloper as he watches him nearly drown himself with greed in the forbidden waters.

With patience, the old man waits, unmoving.  The flies and insects of the jungle crawl and slither and buzz on his leathery, painted skin but the old man does not move.  As father moon sets and mother sun rises to warm his face the old man hears the interloper stir, but he does not hear the sounds of a man.  He hears the plaintive cries of a hungry babe, tangled in the reeking rags of what it once was, unable to move for the muscle memory of a lifetime in a body are now all wrong.  Unable to speak with a tiny, swollen, pink tongue in a soft and pudgy mouth.  The old man stirs, wordlessly walks to the child without a glance at the water.  He kneels, removing the filthy tatters, and with the same neutral expression he has worn all night, removes an obsidian shard, sharp as a razor, and slices cleanly across the baby’s throat.  The child makes no sound, but it’s eyes go wide with surprise, then deep understanding as the old man lifts it by the heels, holding it upside down as it’s life blood spills into the water, lingers on the surface a moment, and disappears completely.  As the babe turns pale, then white, it never makes a sound, but the eyes never lose that expression of surprise and understanding.

The old man cradles the now drained bundle in his arms a moment, then tucks it into the papoose at his side, next to a few wild tubers he gathered the day before.  Tomorrow, after the feast, women will grind the bones, and the young priests in training will bring the grit to the sacred pond to offer it as a cleansing to the surrounding earth.  And the old man will resume his nightly vigil.