"Listen here, you ungrateful BRATS!" 

Everyone was taken aback, including myself. My oldest foe and eternal nemesis, standing up for me?

"The Solution here has been saving your butts from certain doom on a weekly basis for YEARS, and THIS is how you repay her?! Even I'm disgusted, and I'm the authority on disgusting!"

One of the members of the mob, a local shop owner, tried to defend himself from the villain's frankly honest and blunt accusations.

"But, but what has she REALLY done for us? She's never donated anything."

A second civilian chimes in.
"Yeah! And in a fight just last Friday she DESTROYED my garden!"

It seemed like yet another civilian was about to voice their opinion when the crowd was silenced once more.

"ENOUGH! I've had it with your whining and excuses. So what if she's never donated anything to anyone? There would be nothing to donate TO without her! If I were her, I would have stopped being your hero and left you for a more grateful town. How Solution has put up with your complaining for so long, I will never know."

While my enemy catches his breath, I can't help but break into a grin at his words. Why DO I put up with their constant put-downs? It's not like there aren't any other cities that need cleaning up in the world.

The second townsperson speaks up again. "But what about my garden?" 

The villain rolls his eyes.
"If you had just ASKED, I'm SURE that she would have helped you rebuild your garden! And I know that she would be willing to help anyone out with their trivial and mundane problems if she weren't so busy with oh, I don't know, SAVING THE GODDAMN WORLD FROM YOURSELVES AND ULTIMATE EVIL? You people make me, ME! absolutely SICK! I'm supposed to make YOU sick! I'm SHOCKED that she hasn't turned evil yet."

He shakes his head. "You know what? I give up. If you don't throw this GEM of a human being a freaking PARADE this weekend, I'm helping her destroy you."

With that, the superpowered being I had gone years thinking was my enemy throws up his arms and walks away.