The youthful, pale mage faced off with the hulking, bearded holy man. One in peasant garb, the other bedecked in engraved armor, holding a mace. The priest spoke, "You are the one we've been hunting, boy. The Black-Touched Soul."

The necromancer snarled, "I wasn't hurtin' anyone. You came and burned out villages. Killed hundreds." 

The big man gestured at his troops to clear the remaining buildings. "The vile touch of darkness must be cleansed. Sometimes you must pull a flower to get the weed." He swiped his mace through a couple test swings.

The troops spread out and into the dilapidated forgotten monastery. The young man stood straight, tilting his head back arrogantly, his black hair falling unkempt onto his face. "You're all going to die here." His voice was resolute and firm, with a terrible certainty. It was a promise. 

The priest nodded, "We've fought the Returned. Your scrabbling legion of broken peasants will fall again. Your kind always makes the same mistakes. You hide, and bring forth the dead, and let them do your dirty work."

The boy pulled a dirk from his belt, a grim smile creeping onto his face, "Then you surely won't have trouble with just one undead."

Inside the monastery, three footmen turned a corner to find a kneeling armored figure. Gentle, whispered prayers came from his bowed head. They leveled their spears at him. The one in the lead hesitated, "Artanis? Is that you?"

The figure turned his head, eyeing them peripherally. He stood and turned, drawing his sword as he did. Artanis the Sun, fallen hero of the Order. The deep stab wound to his side that had slain him remained, but he otherwise looked just as he did in life. "Yes." He said, simply, his rich baritone devoid of the usual humor.

The footmen backed up as he advanced. The one who had spoken said, "But you died!"

Artanis stopped just short of their speartips and cocked his head quizzically. "I suppose we'll have that in common then." They were already stabbing, fear overwhelming shock finally. But he was far too fast. His blade swept out and around, twisting around their spears and pushing them off to the side, then flashed back and dealt three mortal wounds in the time it takes a man to blink.

In the courtyard, the unholy man and the elder circled one another as the first sounds of combat came. A panicked half-shout and a clatter of falling bodies. They didn't look away from each other. The priest sighed, "I will make this quick for you, boy. May the gods have mercy on you."

With a wordless snarl, the boy leapt forward,ducking the questing mace and bringing his blade up in a stab. It connected, punching through the plate and lodging in the maille underneath. The bigger man grabbed the younger's blade hand with his free hand, and headbutted him viciously. The dirk stayed as the boy rolled back, already coming to his feet.

Inside the monastery, Artanis was running full tilt. His blade lashed out, catching footmen unaware as they turned to investigate the noise. He barreled into one of them, slamming him through a pillar with immense strength. He stabbed, catching another in the hollow at the base of his throat, then yanked it out the side of the man's throat in a gout of blood.

The priest pressed the attack, his mace whipping through the air with an intimidating whoosh, just missing the emaciated necromancer. The mage swept up a loose flagstone and slapped it ineffectually against the armored priest's bracer, then the boy was rolling over a low wall backwards, scuttling on all fours like a rat.

Artanis turned to face twelve of his former brothers, spread out in a loose line amongst the pews of the chapel. Their halberds and spears and poleaxes held out wardingly, they advanced on him, backing him up to the altar. He looked back at it, and smiled at them warmly, "Brothers. I died and met our God." His smile vanished as he slashed to his left without looking. "He sent me back to end our Order." His blade went through the rotted rope holding up the chandeliers like it wasn't there.

The necromancer kicked up, smashing the priest's fingers and knocking the mace out of his hand. It clattered to the floor of the cloister, and the priest dropped his full armored bulk on the boy, his hands closing around the boy's throat. He growled, exertion and rage dripping from his words like coagulated blood from an executioner's blade, "Now you'll die, like all the false prophets and deadbringers before you, you foul whelp raised on spoiled milk!" He squeezed and the boy's pale face grew red, his eyes bulging.

Artanis leapt through the front doors of the church, intercepting the last two footmen as they fled his fury. With a singing sweep of his sword, they fell groaning and bleeding to the flagstones. Artanis looked at the priest choking the boy and said, "Valdemar."

His brother looked up, shock blooming on his bearded face. He stood, letting go of his death grip on the necromancer. The necromancer squirmed, gasping in deep breaths like a beached fish. "Artanis, you're dea-" Valdemar froze, and shook his head. "Dead. Merely an unthinking remnant of a soul, stolen from the afterlife."

Artanis shook his head, dropping his sword witha clatter, "No, brother. I met the Lord. He told me the truth." He pointed at the necromancer, "He's been sending us back through his chosen servants like him to stop the madness of the Order. The Grandmaster is a servant of the Darkest. We've been tricked."

Valdemar stepped closer, frowning, "Lies from a cursed revenant." 

Artanis put his hands on Valdemar's shoulders, "We must right this wrong, broth-" He gurgled, as his brother stabbed him with a dagger. 

Valdemar leaned in close, all hot breath and spittle, "You are not my brother, *monster*." He let go of the revenant, who stumbled back in shock. 

The necromancer swung with all his might, smashing the flat flagstone against the cheap brass butt of his lodged dirk, driving the blade the rest of the way through Valdemar's armor and into his lung and heart.

Artanis pulled out the dagger as the necromancer staggered over to him, "Are you okay?" They asked each other, simultaneously. Artanis looked at his brother, who had fallen back into a seated position against the low wall of the garden. "You will raise him?"

The boy didn't say anything. He just turned, knelt down, and closed Valdemar's eyes. His hand lingered on the side of the dead face, and Valdemar's eyes snapped open. The Necromancer stood and offered his hand to Valdemar, "Come, we have a hallowed duty to perform. Only then may we rest."