# Soulmage

**Shivio had joined the Silent Crusade expecting to slay demons and witches and bandits and more.**

And he had.

He had signed up knowing that he could very well die in battle in a blaze of glorious joy, bathing the Redlands in his own blood before fading from life and dissolving into the planes beyond.

And he had.

But he'd never expected to be saved by one of the very witches he had sworn to slaughter.

And yet, he had.

Shivio's eyes shot open, ribs aching, lungs heaving as they sucked in air, and the startled little girl above him let out a yelp and stumbled backwards.

"Sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry sorry!" The girl scrambled away from him like a scared kitten, and Shivio's addled mind instinctively locked onto her brown eyes and stout build. She was a Redlander—one of the savage people's he'd come here to destroy. Instinctively, he reached for his sword, but found nothing but shattered metal. It was no obstacle to an elf like him—he could wield the memory of the blade just as effectively as the original—but it bought the girl enough time to blurt out, "Are you okay? Do you have any difficulty breathing? Double vision? Uh... any internal bleeding?"

The question was so absurd that Shivio had to pause. "Internal bleeding?"

The girl nodded hastily, and Shivio frowned, gaze refocusing. Were those... yes, the girl had two diaphanous wings. So she was part-fey, then? Considering that she only had two arms and her eyes weren't reflective, she couldn't have been far along in the transformation. "Yeah. I don't have much power left in me, and if you don't need healing, there's others who do."

"Why would I need healing for internal bleeding? Isn't that where the blood is supposed to be?"

The girl stared at him. "...Just... tell me if you feel numb anywhere."

"And why would I tell you that, necromancer?" Shivio asked, struggling to his feet. His plate armor had seized up where a forcebolt from the rift had shot through his left leg, but other than that, he was in fighting shape. The familiar thrill of the crusade sang through him, the joyous certainty of purpose—

"I'm not really a necromancer," the girl said.

Shivio paused. "What?"

"I'm just a healing witch," she said. "But, uh, I got to you right as you died. So... I guess I brought you back from the dead." She hesitated, then scratched the back of her neck and added, "Sorry."

Shivio held out his hands, and a memory of his sword coalesced into a beam of shining light. It was mostly for intimidation purposes, but if he willed it, it could shift into the deadly, holy radiance that was the signature of his order, sickening evildoers within minutes of exposure and sentencing them to a lingering death of days. "Then make peace with your fell leaders, witch! I shall slay you on the—"

"Wait wait wait wait wait!" The girl held up her hands in a gesture of surrender. "There's—there's other people who need healing. Who I can still save."

Shivio stopped mid-swing, considering. "Are they evildoers?"

"They're..." She swallowed. "They're more of your people. From before the rift opened."

Shivio *hmm*ed to himself. A self-proclaimed necromancer... who wanted to help the holy crusaders of his order? 

"...If you raise a hand against me, I shall slay you where you stand," Shivio warned.

The girl seemed used enough to holy proclamations of that sort that she took it in stride. She knelt down by a collapsed home, where Shivio could sense the fading beat of a dying soul, and wove a spell from vines that knitted body and soul back together.

As the girl worked, Shivio found his mind wandering to the paradox. All witches of the Redlands were fell creatures that deserved death, according to the dogma of the Silent Crusade. And yet... here was one such fell creature, laboring to save his companions—just as she'd labored to save him—from the consequences of the war the Silent Crusade had begun.

"Child," Shivio said, and thought it hurt him to confront the... *possible misunderstanding*... in his order's doctrines, it was clear that *something* had to be done. "You are aware that this battlefield is not safe for your kind?"

She nodded, focusing on regrowing a particularly deep cut. In the distance, something *snapped*—probably the rift in the sky still spitting out its deadly energies. They'd have to evacuate before random chance sent a forcebolt their way. "I know. Most of these people died trying to kill me."

Shivio frowned. "Then... why..."

She sealed the fallen man's wounds and looked up, a weary... worldly... wise... smile in her eyes. "Because someone has to forgive," she said. "And today, I choose to be that person."

Shivio looked at the girl who forgave, and the joy of battle warred with something deeper in his soul.

Then he dismissed his blade of light and helped the girl heave a wooden beam off the fallen soldier.

"Then I shall protect you in your duties, until such time as I can ask my order how a misunderstanding as this could have come to be."

The witch and the paladin worked side by side together, pulling survivors from the wreckage and bringing them back from the edge of death, until the sun painted the landscape the same shade of red as all the meaningless blood spilled in the Silent Crusade.


A.N.

Soulmage will be episodically updated. Want to know what happens next? Check out [this post](https://www.reddit.com/r/bubblewriters/comments/uxmwe4/soulmage_masterpost/) to be notified whenever a new part comes out, and check out r/bubblewriters for more stories by me.