     “A cat!“ you mutter to yourself as you gulp down the last few drops of your final potion of mending. Grimacing, you look down at your sword arm and watch with tired impatience as the gashes inflicted by the were-bear’s claws began to knit together and scab over.
   
     An uneven mixture of blood and loose drops of restorative drip down from the corners of your mouth. You wipe them away absently with the back of your hand and toss the drained flask to the ground. 
    
    “Hells, I may as well get rid of this too,” you grumble as you loosen your now-empty bandolier from your chest and allow it to fall unceremoniously to ground. Your mind briefly turns to the long-ago day you bought it, proudly presenting the few meager silver talents you scraped together gathering rodent viscera to the portly merchant in Branegan’s Bazaar. A lifetime ago it was, but as you were never much one for sentimentality, you roll your newly-unencumbered shoulders a few times and walk away, leaving the tanned leather belt behind in a heap.

     “A cat!” you spit again as your exhausted arm slides Nocturne’s Chaos Cutlass back into its sheathe. Not since you first liberated it from Gulrash (and him from his head, you chuckle) had it felt so heavy in your hand. It had made short work of this ursine monstrosity sure enough, just as it had the manticores, cockatrices, wyverns and chimeras that had recently come before it. You’ve never been a stranger to being in the thick of things, but you can’t recall ever having been the center of so much abnormal aggression. A hero you may be, but even a hero needs rest.

    “A gods-damned cat!” you curse as you begin scouring the battlefield for the tracks you had been following up to this point. Seeing nothing, you kick the were-bear’s colossal carcass in frustration. You could skin it, you think, and make more selling the pelt than you’d get from old man Jenkins. Hells, you’d make more selling its teeth. Its excrement, in fact! 

     “Breathe,” you tell yourself. It’s not about the money. Or the reputation gains. Or even clearing that ever-present quest log. It’s always been about completion, and Jenkins’ Farm had been Pilston Valley’s holdout. Herding the sheep had been simple. Rounding up the lost chickens had seemed far below an adventurer of your caliber, but you knew it wouldn’t take long. Even milking Bessy had seemed relaxing at the time. Jenkins’ final task was sure to be a breeze.

    “All of this for…” you trail off as you spot small indentations in the mud leading further into the Shadow Fen. At least the tracks are easier to spot here. You had almost lost the trail in the Desert of Woe, and once more when crossing the Sea of Sorrows. For the eighth time in as many weeks, you bemoan leaving the majority of your goods in the town bank; the invisibility potions taken from Xanac the Mad’s laboratory would have really come in handy. Still, you’ve come this far. May as well see it through. 

    You begin following the paw prints  into the thick wood, your left eye twitching in annoyance as you hear the braying of a pack of direwolves not far off. Drawing your magically-imbued blade once more, you trudge north through mud and mire, begrudgingly readying yourself for the imminent clash. “…for a cat! For a gods-damned cat!”