"Okay, so you've read the contract and understand it, correct?" 

"Sure, I read it. I still can't believe you're the Genie of the Flashlight. I thought you guys lived in lamps."

"Traditionally, yes, but my old man married a human, so instead of getting a full lamp, I got a flashlight. Also, I can only fulfill half a wish. But you have to really be careful: I had a guy that wanted a million dollars, so he wished for two million dollars. He got half his wish: Two million one dollar bills, but they weren't full notes: only half notes. Not even the part that said they were legal tender."

"I bet he was thrilled by that."

"He shredded them, bagged them and sold them to the US Mint to sell as souvenirs. He never got a million out of them, but he was able to buy a modest house with the profit."

"Well, I'm hoping for the best with my wish."

"Then sign on the dotted line," the young man said, pushing the contract across the table. The man signed.

"So what is your wish?"

"It's my daughter. She's only 16 and she has cancer. She's fought it since she was a preschooler, but it always comes back. My wish would normally be just I wish she were cancer free and live a long, happy life. Since you can only do half wishes, though, I have to come up with something else, and I think I have it."

"I wish to give my life for my daughter's good health and long life."

The young man stiffened in his seat. The man's daughter was only two years younger than him. Still, he was presented with the wish. He folded his arms in front of his chest and gave a curt nod. "So be it!"

The puff of smoke filled the room, but the man sat where he'd been. Gene the Genie noticed that he was still quite alive and he broke out in a cold sweat. Grabbing his client by the arm he said, "We've got to check on your daughter. If you're still alive, she may have been the one to..." He couldn't finish the sentence.

Again, the curt nod and they were transported to the hospital where she'd laid comatose for the last three days. "This was as close as I could get." They ran to the elevator, rose to the Pediatric cancer section, and rushed into the room. A young girl was sitting up in the bed. She smiled and said, "Hi, Daddy. I'm Hungry!" It was no wonder. Her emaciated frame showed that she hadn't been able to hold down food for quite some time. Only her IVs had kept her alive.

The client rushed over to his daughter and took her in his arms. "You're alive!" he shouted. 

"Well duh. I wouldn't be hungry if I weren't... I think."

"How are you feeling?"

"Hungry enough to eat a house!" She smiled at her purposeful malaprop, then realized something. "I don't feel any pain! I DON'T FEEL ANY PAIN!!!"

He hugged the girl tighter and realized that, somehow, Gene had cured the cancer. Gene, meanwhile, was on his smartphone talking to General Genie Dispatch to find out what was going on.

The father explained to the young girl about the contract with the Genie, and how he had offered his own life in exchange for her to live. "I wouldn't want to live without you around, Pumpkin."

"Uh, Dad. What makes you think I'd want to live without you being around. Sure, we've fought and when I was 13, I said I hated you. But you know what? I love you, Dad. I wouldn't want to live without you being here to nag me."

"Uh, I hate to bust up this happy time, but I just got off the phone with the main office. It looks like my half magic is just as screwy as ever."

"What do you mean."

"Well, it only granted the part about healing her. It ignored the part about you trading you life for hers." Turning to the young girl, he said, "There is some bad news, though. Your dad also mentioned he wanted you to live a long life. You'll outlive him by a few centuries." The two looked at each other. "Don't worry, Pops. You'll be dangling grandkids on your knee for a few more generations."

"Does this mean that you'll be able to do the same thing with all of the other kids?"

"Just like you two, it's a crap shoot. She could have died by my magic meddling. It never has a full guarantee. Next one the kid could die, the parent live on feeling guilty. This is a breakthrough, though! What's needed now is for the little lady to recover, get some meat on her bones and head back home."

The two looked at each other and smiled. 

Gene disappeared in a puff of smoke, but he never forgot his first big success. He showed up when she was released and they invited him to a victory celebration dinner, which he accepted. He was given an open invitation to drop in any time, although he always called first. By the time senior prom came around, they were dating. While it wasn't easy, Gene worked out daily and by the time he was thirty, he was able to actually perform full magic. He also ended up marrying the girl, because they'd have a long and fruitful life together.